ham	Going on nothing great.bye
ham	I wont. So wat's wit the guys
ham	Ok k..sry i knw 2 siva..tats y i askd..
ham	Where are you ? What do you do ? How can you stand to be away from me ? Doesn't your heart ache without me ? Don't you wonder of me ? Don't you crave me ?
ham	Have you not finished work yet or something?
ham	Hhahhaahahah rofl wtf nig was leonardo in your room or something
ham	WOT U UP 2 J?
ham	Hiya, sorry didn't hav signal. I haven't seen or heard from and neither has, which is unusual in itself! I'll put on the case and get him to sort it out! Hugs and snogs.
ham	We r outside already.
spam	FREE NOKIA Or Motorola with upto 12mths 1/2price linerental, 500 FREE x-net mins&100txt/mth FREE B'tooth*. Call Mobileupd8 on 08001950382 or call 2optout/D3WV
ham	How is your schedule next week? I am out of town this weekend.
ham	Goodmorning, today i am late for 1hr.
ham	Dizzamn, aight I'll ask my suitemates when I get back
ham	Why must we sit around and wait for summer days to celebrate. Such a magical sight when the worlds dressed in white. Oooooh let there be snow.
ham	Pls call me da. What happen.
spam	Call 09094100151 to use ur mins! Calls cast 10p/min (mob vary). Service provided by AOM, just GBP5/month. AOM Box61,M60 1ER until u stop. Ages 18+ only!
ham	Are u awake? Is there snow there?
ham	Nope. Since ayo travelled, he has forgotten his guy
ham	Friendship is not a game to play, It is not a word to say, It doesn\'t start on March and ends on May, It is tomorrow, yesterday, today and e
ham	Lol your right. What diet? Everyday I cheat anyway. I'm meant to be a fatty :(
ham	Haha... Really oh no... How? Then will they deduct your lesson tmr?
ham	How's it going? Got any exciting karaoke type activities planned? I'm debating whether to play football this eve. Feeling lazy though.
spam	Want a new Video Phone? 750 anytime any network mins? Half price line rental free text for 3 months? Reply or call 08000930705 for free delivery
ham	Great. I was getting worried about you. Just know that a wonderful and caring person like you will have only the best in life. Know that u r wonderful and God's love is yours.
ham	How did you find out in a way that didn't include all of these details
ham	Well. You know what i mean. Texting
ham	Its sunny in california. The weather's just cool
ham	Ummmmmaah Many many happy returns of d day my dear sweet heart.. HAPPY BIRTHDAY dear
ham	Dad went out oredi... 
ham	Short But Cute: \Be a good person
ham	Will Ì_ b going to esplanade fr home?
spam	You have an important customer service announcement. Call FREEPHONE 0800 542 0825 now!
ham	Moji i love you more than words. Have a rich day
ham	I will be outside office take all from there
ham	That one week leave i put know that time. Why.
ham	yeah sure thing mate haunt got all my stuff sorted but im going sound anyway promoting hex for .by the way who is this? dont know number. Joke
ham	Huh but i cant go 2 ur house empty handed right?
ham	We not watching movie already. Xy wants 2 shop so i'm shopping w her now.
ham	Do I? I thought I put it back in the box
spam	You have an important customer service announcement. Call FREEPHONE 0800 542 0825 now!
ham	I know where the  &lt;#&gt;  is, I'll be there around 5
ham	I want to sent  &lt;#&gt; mesages today. Thats y. Sorry if i hurts
ham	Hi baby ive just got back from work and i was wanting to see u allday! I hope i didnt piss u off on the phone today. If u are up give me a call xxx
ham	He neva grumble but i sad lor... Hee... Buy tmr lor aft lunch. But we still meetin 4 lunch tmr a not. Neva hear fr them lei. ÌÏ got a lot of work ar?
ham	Yes:)sura in sun tv.:)lol.
ham	I thought slide is enough.
ham	Do have a nice day today. I love you so dearly.
ham	Hi my email address has changed now it is 
ham	life alle mone,eppolum oru pole allalo
spam	Ur cash-balance is currently 500 pounds - to maximize ur cash-in now send GO to 86688 only 150p/msg. CC 08718720201 HG/Suite342/2Lands Row/W1J6HL
spam	Babe: U want me dont u baby! Im nasty and have a thing 4 filthyguys. Fancy a rude time with a sexy bitch. How about we go slo n hard! Txt XXX SLO(4msgs)
ham	I got another job! The one at the hospital doing data analysis or something, starts on monday! Not sure when my thesis will got finished
ham	Wat time do u wan 2 meet me later?
ham	After the drug she will be able to eat.
ham	As per your request 'Maangalyam (Alaipayuthe)' has been set as your callertune for all Callers. Press *9 to copy your friends Callertune
ham	Tell dear what happen to you. Why you talking to me like an alian
ham	U too...
ham	Gibbs unsold.mike hussey
ham	Thought praps you meant another one. Goodo! I'll look tomorrow 
spam	Want explicit SEX in 30 secs? Ring 02073162414 now! Costs 20p/min Gsex POBOX 2667 WC1N 3XX
ham	Let's pool our money together and buy a bunch of lotto tickets. If we win I get &lt;#&gt; % u get &lt;#&gt; %. Deal?
ham	Where's my boytoy? I miss you ... What happened?
spam	FREE RINGTONE text FIRST to 87131 for a poly or text GET to 87131 for a true tone! Help? 0845 2814032 16 after 1st free, tones are 3xå£150pw to eå£nd txt stop
ham	I dont know oh. Hopefully this month.
ham	Lol enjoy role playing much?
ham	I tot u outside cos darren say u come shopping. Of course we nice wat. We jus went sim lim look at mp3 player.
spam	Hard LIVE 121 chat just 60p/min. Choose your girl and connect LIVE. Call 09094646899 now! Cheap Chat UK's biggest live service. VU BCM1896WC1N3XX
ham	I was about to do it when i texted. I finished a long time ago and showered and er'ything!
ham	The fact that you're cleaning shows you know why i'm upset. Your priority is constantly \what i want to do
ham	Nt joking seriously i told
ham	Hey u still at the gym?
ham	I'll reach in ard 20 mins ok...
ham	My exam is for february 4. Wish you a great day.
ham	Good good, billy mates all gone. Just been jogging, again! Did enjoy concert?
ham	Sorry I missed you babe. I was up late and slept in. I hope you enjoy your driving lesson, boytoy. I miss you too ... *teasing kiss*
ham	This weekend is fine (an excuse not to do too much decorating)
spam	PRIVATE! Your 2003 Account Statement for shows 800 un-redeemed S.I.M. points. Call 08718738001 Identifier Code: 49557 Expires 26/11/04
ham	I'm really sorry I lit your hair on fire
ham	Of course. I guess god's just got me on hold right now.
ham	Thanks for looking out for me. I really appreciate.
ham	I think its far more than that but find out. Check google maps for a place from your dorm.
ham	No I'm good for the movie, is it ok if I leave in an hourish?
ham	Yo! Howz u? girls never rang after india. L
ham	We're on the opposite side from where we dropped you off
ham	So is there anything specific I should be doing with regards to jaklin or what because idk what the fuck
ham	Now? I'm going out 4 dinner soon..
spam	Thanks 4 your continued support Your question this week will enter u in2 our draw 4 å£100 cash. Name the NEW US President? txt ans to 80082
ham	Dear got train and seat mine lower seat
spam	+449071512431 URGENT! This is the 2nd attempt to contact U!U have WON å£1250 CALL 09071512433 b4 050703 T&CsBCM4235WC1N3XX. callcost 150ppm mobilesvary. maxå£7. 50
ham	Babe! I fucking love you too !! You know? Fuck it was so good to hear your voice. I so need that. I crave it. I can't get enough. I adore you, Ahmad *kisses*
ham	Howz pain.it will come down today.do as i said ystrday.ice and medicine.
ham	Ok then i will come to ur home after half an hour
ham	Ambrith..madurai..met u in arun dha marrge..remembr?
spam	You have won ?1,000 cash or a ?2,000 prize! To claim, call09050000327. T&C: RSTM, SW7 3SS. 150ppm
ham	Good afternoon my boytoy. How goes that walking here and there day ? Did you get that police abstract? Are you still out and about? I wake and miss you babe
ham	U horrible gal... U knew dat i was going out wif him yest n u still come n ask me...
spam	As a SIM subscriber, you are selected to receive a Bonus! Get it delivered to your door, Txt the word OK to No: 88600 to claim. 150p/msg, EXP. 30Apr
ham	I had askd u a question some hours before. Its answer
ham	Especially since i talk about boston all up in my personal statement, lol! I woulda changed that if i had realized it said nyc! It says boston now.
ham	So how's scotland. Hope you are not over showing your JJC tendencies. Take care. Live the dream
spam	wamma get laid?want real doggin locations sent direct to your mobile? join the UKs largest dogging network. txt dogs to 69696 now!nyt. ec2a. 3lp å£1.50/msg.
ham	Nice line said by a broken heart- Plz don't cum 1 more times infront of me... Other wise once again I ll trust U... Good 9t:)
ham	Come by our room at some point so we can iron out the plan for this weekend
ham	Fyi I'm gonna call you sporadically starting at like  &lt;#&gt;  bc we are not not doin this shit
ham	After my work ah... Den 6 plus lor... U workin oso rite... Den go orchard lor, no other place to go liao...
ham	aathi..where are you dear..
ham	Me too. Mark is taking forever to pick up my prescription and the pain is coming back.
ham	So lets make it saturday or monday as per convenience.
ham	Did u got that persons story
ham	Haha... dont be angry with yourself... Take it as a practice for the real thing. =) 
ham	What is the plural of the noun research?
ham	I walked an hour 2 c u! doesnåÕt that show I care y wont u believe im serious?
ham	Who u talking about?
ham	My sister in law, hope you are having a great month. Just saying hey. Abiola
spam	Thanks for your ringtone order, reference number X29. Your mobile will be charged 4.50. Should your tone not arrive please call customer services 09065989180
spam	Hi 07734396839 IBH Customer Loyalty Offer: The NEW NOKIA6600 Mobile from ONLY å£10 at TXTAUCTION!Txt word:START to No:81151 & get Yours Now!4T&
ham	Yeah get the unlimited
ham	K give me a sec, breaking a  &lt;#&gt;  at cstore
ham	Im good! I have been thinking about you...
ham	Yes princess! I want to please you every night. Your wish is my command...
ham	Almost there, see u in a sec
spam	Had your contract mobile 11 Mnths? Latest Motorola, Nokia etc. all FREE! Double Mins & Text on Orange tariffs. TEXT YES for callback, no to remove from records.
ham	Pls i wont belive god.not only jesus.
spam	As a valued customer, I am pleased to advise you that following recent review of your Mob No. you are awarded with a å£1500 Bonus Prize, call 09066364589
ham	Do you think i can move  &lt;#&gt;  in a week
ham	If you want to mapquest it or something look up \usf dogwood drive\"
ham	Sweet, we may or may not go to 4U to meet carlos so gauge patty's interest in that
ham	Too late. I said i have the website. I didn't i have or dont have the slippers
ham	HOW ARE U? I HAVE MISSED U! I HAVENT BEEN UP 2 MUCH A BIT BORED WITH THE HOLIDAY WANT 2 GO BAK 2 COLLEGE! SAD ISNT IT?xx
ham	Anything lor... U decide...
ham	I am taking you for italian food. How about a pretty dress with no panties? :)
ham	Si si. I think ill go make those oreo truffles.
ham	\alright babe
ham	Don't worry, * is easy once have ingredients!
ham	Just now saw your message.it k da:)
ham	I will once i get home
ham	Mm i had my food da from out
ham	Living is very simple.. Loving is also simple.. Laughing is too simple.. Winning is tooo simple.. But, being 'SIMPLE' is very difficult.. Gud nte.:-
ham	Wa... U so efficient... Gee... Thanx...
ham	Really good:)dhanush rocks once again:)
ham	Hi Dear Call me its urgnt. I don't know whats your problem. You don't want to work or if you have any other problem at least tell me. Wating for your reply.
ham	No, but you told me you were going, before you got drunk!
ham	You only hate me. You can call any but you didnt accept even a single call of mine. Or even you messaged
ham	U ned to convince him tht its not possible witot hurting his feeling its the main
ham	'An Amazing Quote'' - \Sometimes in life its difficult to decide whats wrong!! a lie that brings a smile or the truth that brings a tear....\""
ham	I like dis sweater fr mango but no more my size already so irritating.
ham	Ron say fri leh. N he said ding tai feng cant make reservations. But he said wait lor.
ham	Do u noe how 2 send files between 2 computers?
ham	you are sweet as well, princess. Please tell me your likes and dislikes in bed...
ham	Watching telugu movie..wat abt u?
ham	Haha awesome, be there in a minute
ham	Most of the tiime when i don't let you hug me it's so i don't break into tears.
ham	If i let you do this, i want you in the house by 8am.
ham	Then we wait 4 u lor... No need 2 feel bad lar...
ham	The 2 oz guy is being kinda flaky but one friend is interested in picking up $ &lt;#&gt;  worth tonight if possible
ham	7 wonders in My WORLD 7th You 6th Ur style 5th Ur smile 4th Ur Personality 3rd Ur Nature 2nd Ur SMS and 1st \Ur Lovely Friendship\"... good morning dear"
ham	Total disappointment, when I texted you was the craziest shit got :(
spam	UR awarded a City Break and could WIN a å£200 Summer Shopping spree every WK. Txt STORE to 88039.SkilGme.TsCs087147403231Winawk!Age16+å£1.50perWKsub
ham	Well done, blimey, exercise, yeah, i kinda remember wot that is, hmm. 
spam	Congrats! 2 mobile 3G Videophones R yours. call 09061744553 now! videochat wid ur mates, play java games, Dload polyH music, noline rentl. bx420. ip4. 5we. 150pm
ham	I love you !!! You know? Can you feel it? Does it make your belly warm? I wish it does, my love ... I shall meet you in your dreams, Ahmad ... *adoring kiss*
ham	As I entered my cabin my PA said, '' Happy B'day Boss !!''. I felt special. She askd me 4 lunch. After lunch she invited me to her apartment. We went there.
spam	Ringtone Club: Gr8 new polys direct to your mobile every week !
ham	Message:some text missing* Sender:Name Missing* *Number Missing *Sent:Date missing *Missing U a lot thats y everything is missing sent via fullonsms.com
ham	Yo, I'm at my parents' gettin cash. Good news: we picked up a downstem
ham	Oi. Ami parchi na re. Kicchu kaaj korte iccha korche na. Phone ta tul na. Plz. Plz.
spam	U have a secret admirer. REVEAL who thinks U R So special. Call 09065174042. To opt out Reply REVEAL STOP. 1.50 per msg recd. Cust care 07821230901
ham	Minimum walk is 3miles a day.
ham	Normally i use to drink more water daily:)
ham	Sure! I am driving but will reach my destination soon.
ham	Neva mind it's ok..
ham	What * u wearing?
ham	i thought we were doing a king of the hill thing there.
ham	What class of  &lt;#&gt;  reunion?
spam	You are a winner you have been specially selected to receive å£1000 cash or a å£2000 award. Speak to a live operator to claim call 087147123779am-7pm. Cost 10p
ham	MY NEW YEARS EVE WAS OK. I WENT TO A PARTY WITH MY BOYFRIEND. WHO IS THIS SI THEN HEY
ham	Esplanade lor. Where else...
ham	I am taking half day leave bec i am not well
ham	So your telling me I coulda been your real Valentine and I wasn't? U never pick me for NOTHING!!
ham	Don‰Û÷t give a flying monkeys wot they think and I certainly don‰Û÷t mind. Any friend of mine and all that!
ham	Not planned yet :)going to join company on jan 5 only.don know what will happen after that.
ham	I‰Û÷m going to try for 2 months ha ha only joking
ham	Is ur paper in e morn or aft tmr?
ham	I didn't get the second half of that message
ham	Should I tell my friend not to come round til like  &lt;#&gt; ish?
ham	K..k..i'm also fine:)when will you complete the course?
ham	Haf u found him? I feel so stupid da v cam was working.
ham	What Today-sunday..sunday is holiday..so no work..
ham	Yeah he got in at 2 and was v apologetic. n had fallen out and she was actin like spoilt child and he got caught up in that. Till 2! But we won't go there! Not doing too badly cheers. You? 
ham	I forgot 2 ask Ì_ all smth.. There's a card on da present lei... How? ÌÏ all want 2 write smth or sign on it?
ham	\Pete can you please ring meive hardly gotany credit\""
ham	Haha... They cant what... At the most tmr forfeit... haha so how?
ham	Nothing, smsing u n xy lor. Sorry lor da guys neva c u in person but they sort of know u lor. So u wan 2 meet them xy ask me 2 bring u along 4 our next meeting.
ham	I know she called me
spam	Hi I'm sue. I am 20 years old and work as a lapdancer. I love sex. Text me live - I'm i my bedroom now. text SUE to 89555. By TextOperator G2 1DA 150ppmsg 18+
ham	Missed your call cause I was yelling at scrappy. Miss u. Can't wait for u to come home. I'm so lonely today.
spam	sports fans - get the latest sports news str* 2 ur mobile 1 wk FREE PLUS a FREE TONE Txt SPORT ON to 8007 www.getzed.co.uk 0870141701216+ norm 4txt/120p 
ham	Yeah you should. I think you can use your gt atm now to register. Not sure but if there's anyway i can help let me know. But when you do be sure you are ready.
ham	Hello, hello, hi lou sorry it took so long 2 reply- I left mobile at friends in Lancaster, just got it bak Neway im sorry I couldnåÕt make ur båÕday 2 hun!
ham	Yes but i dont care! I need you bad, princess!
ham	It should take about  &lt;#&gt;  min
ham	Hi i won't b ard 4 christmas. But do enjoy n merry x'mas.
ham	Its too late:)but its k.wish you the same.
spam	Hi, the SEXYCHAT girls are waiting for you to text them. Text now for a great night chatting. send STOP to stop this service
ham	Pls go ahead with watts. I just wanted to be sure. Do have a great weekend. Abiola
ham	O. Guess they both got screwd
ham	Edison has rightly said, \A fool can ask more questions than a wise man can answer\" Now you know why all of us are speechless during ViVa.. GM
ham	I jus hope its true that  missin me cos i'm really missin him! You haven't done anything to feel guilty about, yet.
ham	Oh:)as usual vijay film or its different?
ham	She is our sister.. She belongs 2 our family.. She is d hope of tomorrow.. Pray 4 her,who was fated 4 d Shoranur train incident. Lets hold our hands together &amp; fuelled by love &amp; concern prior 2 her grief &amp; pain. Pls join in dis chain &amp; pass it. STOP VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN.
ham	I know you are. Can you pls open the back?
ham	Nt only for driving even for many reasons she is called BBD..thts it chikku, then hw abt dvg cold..heard tht vinobanagar violence hw is the condition..and hw ru ? Any problem?
ham	Sat right? Okay thanks... 
ham	Ha. You don‰Û÷t know either. I did a a clever but simple thing with pears the other day, perfect for christmas.
spam	URGENT! Your mobile number *************** WON a å£2000 Bonus Caller prize on 10/06/03! This is the 2nd attempt to reach you! Call 09066368753 ASAP! Box 97N7QP, 150ppm
ham	They did't play one day last year know even though they have very good team.. Like india.
spam	REMINDER FROM O2: To get 2.50 pounds free call credit and details of great offers pls reply 2 this text with your valid name, house no and postcode
ham	I've reached sch already...
ham	Well I wasn't available as I washob nobbing with last night so they had to ask Nickey Platt instead of me!;
ham	I'm fine. Hope you are good. Do take care.
ham	Good morning. At the repair shop--the ONLY reason i'm up at this hour.
ham	Not for possession, especially not first offense
ham	That's very rude, you on campus?
ham	K and you're sure I don't have to have consent forms to do it :V
spam	Would you like to see my XXX pics they are so hot they were nearly banned in the uk!
ham	Have a good trip. Watch out for . Remember when you get back we must decide about easter.
ham	Oh ok no prob..
ham	Hello. Sort of out in town already. That . So dont rush home, I am eating nachos. Will let you know eta.
ham	Near kalainar tv office.thenampet
spam	Our dating service has been asked 2 contact U by someone shy! CALL 09058091870 NOW all will be revealed. POBox84, M26 3UZ 150p
ham	Kate jackson rec center before 7ish, right?
ham	So i could kiss and feel you next to me...
ham	Dear good morning now only i am up
ham	Amazing : If you rearrange these letters it gives the same meaning... Dormitory = Dirty room Astronomer = Moon starer The eyes = They see Election results = Lies lets recount Mother-in-law = Woman Hitler Eleven plus two =Twelve plus one Its Amazing... !:-)
ham	Oh thanks a lot..i already bought 2 eggs ..
ham	\CHEERS FOR CALLIN BABE.SOZI CULDNT TALKBUT I WANNATELL U DETAILS LATER WENWECAN CHAT PROPERLY X\""
ham	I'm done...
ham	Yavnt tried yet and never played original either
ham	I was at bugis juz now wat... But now i'm walking home oredi... ÌÏ so late then reply... I oso saw a top dat i like but din buy... Where r Ì_ now? 
ham	Where at were hungry too
ham	Just do what ever is easier for you
ham	I'm an actor. When i work, i work in the evening and sleep late. Since i'm unemployed at the moment, i ALWAYS sleep late. When you're unemployed, every day is saturday.
ham	Sitting ard nothing to do lor. U leh busy w work?
ham	Are you plans with your family set in stone ?
ham	Aight yo, dats straight dogg
ham	Yesterday its with me only . Now am going home.
ham	Ok set let u noe e details later...
ham	Where in abj are you serving. Are you staying with dad or alone.
ham	Hey...Great deal...Farm tour 9am to 5pm $95/pax, $50 deposit by 16 May
ham	Wat happened to the cruise thing
ham	Can you please send me my aunty's number
ham	Nothing spl..wat abt u and whr ru?
ham	Yeah go on then, bored and depressed sittin waitin for phone to ring... Hope the wind drops though, scary
ham	The beauty of life is in next second.. which hides thousands of secrets. I wish every second will be wonderful in ur life...!! gud n8
ham	Nope... Juz off from work...
ham	Erm... Woodland avenue somewhere. Do you get the parish magazine, his telephone number will be in there.
ham	Ok i msg u b4 i leave my house.
ham	LOOK AT THE FUCKIN TIME. WHAT THE FUCK YOU THINK IS UP
ham	Aight, I'm chillin in a friend's room so text me when you're on the way
ham	Heart is empty without love.. Mind is empty without wisdom.. Eyes r empty without dreams &amp; Life is empty without frnds.. So Alwys Be In Touch. Good night &amp; sweet dreams
ham	Aft i finish my lunch then i go str down lor. Ard 3 smth lor. U finish ur lunch already?
spam	WINNER!! As a valued network customer you have been selected to receivea å£900 prize reward! To claim call 09061701461. Claim code KL341. Valid 12 hours only.
ham	Only saturday and sunday holiday so its very difficult:)
ham	Sorry da:)i was thought of calling you lot of times:)lil busy.i will call you at noon..
ham	I am late. I will be there at
ham	The guy (kadeem) hasn't been selling since the break, I know one other guy but he's paranoid as fuck and doesn't like selling without me there and I can't be up there til late tonight
ham	Imagine Life WITHOUT ME... see.. How fast u are searching me?Don't worry.. l'm always there To disturb U.. Goodnoon..:)
ham	Height of \Oh shit....!!\" situation: A guy throws a luv letter on a gal but falls on her brothers head whos a gay
ham	Just got outta class gonna go gym.
ham	Loosu go to hospital. De dont let it careless.
ham	So that means you still think of teju
ham	Yo dude guess who just got arrested the other day
ham	K da:)how many page you want?
ham	Thanks a lot for your wishes on my birthday. Thanks you for making my birthday truly memorable.
ham	Purity of friendship between two is not about smiling after reading the forwarded message..Its about smiling just by seeing the name. Gud evng musthu
ham	That was random saw my old roomate on campus. He graduated
ham	You best watch what you say cause I get drunk as a motherfucker
ham	U studying in sch or going home? Anyway i'll b going 2 sch later.
ham	Ha ha ha good joke. Girls are situation seekers.
ham	You see the requirements please
ham	I WILL CAL YOU SIR. In meeting
ham	I think your mentor is , but not 100 percent sure.
ham	You tell what happen dont behave like this to me. Ok no need to say
ham	they released another Italian one today and it has a cosign option
ham	Babe ? I lost you ... :-(
ham	Mm that time you dont like fun
ham	Like I made him throw up when we were smoking in our friend's car one time, it was awesome
ham	Tomarrow i want to got to court. At  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; . So you come to bus stand at 9.
ham	I'm on my way home. Went to change batt 4 my watch then go shop a bit lor.
ham	Aiyo a bit pai seh Ì_ noe... Scared he dun rem who i am then die... Hee... But he become better lookin oredi leh...
ham	Juz go google n search 4 qet...
ham	You have registered Sinco as Payee. Log in at icicibank.com and enter URN  &lt;#&gt;  to confirm. Beware of frauds. Do NOT share or disclose URN to anyone.
ham	Ok. Not sure what time tho as not sure if can get to library before class. Will try. See you at some point! Have good eve.
ham	Nimbomsons. Yep phone knows that one. Obviously, cos thats a real word
ham	Am in film ill call you later.
ham	Can Ì_ call me at 10:10 to make sure dat i've woken up...
ham	4 tacos + 1 rajas burrito, right?
ham	I want to send something that can sell fast.  &lt;#&gt; k is not easy money.
ham	How i noe... Did Ì_ specify da domain as nusstu... ÌÏ still in sch...
ham	Hey babe, sorry i didn't get sooner. Gary can come and fix it cause he thinks he knows what it is but he doesn't go as far a Ptbo and he says it will cost  &lt;#&gt;  bucks. I don't know if it might be cheaper to find someone there ? We don't have any second hand machines at all right now, let me know what you want to do babe
spam	Mila, age23, blonde, new in UK. I look sex with UK guys. if u like fun with me. Text MTALK to 69866.18 . 30pp/txt 1st 5free. å£1.50 increments. Help08718728876
ham	Sleeping nt feeling well
spam	Kit Strip - you have been billed 150p. Netcollex Ltd. PO Box 1013 IG11 OJA
ham	Prof: you have passed in all the papers in this sem congrats . . . . Student: Enna kalaachutaarama..!! Prof:???? Gud mrng!
ham	I absolutely LOVE South Park! I only recently started watching the office.
ham	What u mean u almost done? Done wif sleeping? But i tot u going to take a nap.. Yup i send her liao so i'm picking her up at ard 4 smth lor..
ham	Yeah there's barely enough room for the two of us, x has too many fucking shoes. Sorry man, see you later
ham	Please leave this topic..sorry for telling that..
ham	All will come alive.better correct any good looking figure there itself..
ham	Baaaaaaaabe! Wake up ! I miss you ! I crave you! I need you!
ham	Lol your always so convincing.
ham	I just cooked a rather nice salmon a la you
ham	Serious? What like proper tongued her
ham	cud u tell ppl im gona b a bit l8 cos 2 buses hav gon past cos they were full & im still waitin 4 1. Pete x
ham	Cool. I am  &lt;#&gt;  inches long. hope you like them big!
spam	HOT LIVE FANTASIES call now 08707500020 Just 20p per min NTT Ltd, PO Box 1327 Croydon CR9 5WB 0870 is a national rate call
ham	K.i did't see you.:)k:)where are you now?
spam	URGENT! Your Mobile No. was awarded å£2000 Bonus Caller Prize on 5/9/03 This is our final try to contact U! Call from Landline 09064019788 BOX42WR29C, 150PPM
ham	My house here e sky quite dark liao... If raining then got excuse not 2 run already rite... Hee...
spam	Customer service announcement. We recently tried to make a delivery to you but were unable to do so, please call 07099833605 to re-schedule. Ref:9280114
ham	I want to show you the world, princess :) how about europe?
ham	When you get free, call me
ham	OH RITE. WELL IM WITH MY BEST MATE PETE, WHO I WENT OUT WITH 4 A WEEK+ NOW WERE 2GEVA AGAIN. ITS BEEN LONGER THAN A WEEK.
ham	Have you finished work yet? :)
ham	Booked ticket for pongal?
spam	PRIVATE! Your 2003 Account Statement for 07808 XXXXXX shows 800 un-redeemed S. I. M. points. Call 08719899217 Identifier Code: 41685 Expires 07/11/04
ham	Pls speak with me. I wont ask anything other then you friendship.
spam	Free Top ringtone -sub to weekly ringtone-get 1st week free-send SUBPOLY to 81618-?3 per week-stop sms-08718727870
ham	Just dropped em off, omw back now
ham	How long does it take to get it.
ham	K:)k:)good:)study well.
spam	This is the 2nd time we have tried to contact u. U have won the å£400 prize. 2 claim is easy, just call 087104711148 NOW! Only 10p per minute. BT-national-rate
ham	ÌÏ comin to fetch us oredi...
ham	1Apple/Day=No Doctor. 1Tulsi Leaf/Day=No Cancer. 1Lemon/Day=No Fat. 1Cup Milk/day=No Bone Problms 3 Litres Watr/Day=No Diseases Snd ths 2 Whom U Care..:-)
ham	Shall i ask one thing if you dont mistake me.
ham	Wrong phone! This phone! I answer this one but assume the other is people i don't well
ham	K sure am in my relatives home. Sms me de. Pls:-)
ham	Sweet heart how are you?
ham	I will spoil you in bed as well :)
ham	You should know now. So how's anthony. Are you bringing money. I've school fees to pay and rent and stuff like that. Thats why i need your help. A friend in need....|
ham	Hey sexy buns! What of that day? No word from you this morning on YM ... :-( ... I think of you
ham	And several to you sir.
ham	Well there's not a lot of things happening in Lindsay on New years *sighs* Some bars in Ptbo and the blue heron has something going
spam	8007 25p 4 Alfie Moon's Children in Need song on ur mob. Tell ur m8s. Txt TONE CHARITY to 8007 for nokias or POLY CHARITY for polys :zed 08701417012 profit 2 charity 
spam	Hello. We need some posh birds and chaps to user trial prods for champneys. Can i put you down? I need your address and dob asap. Ta r
spam	Urgent! Please call 09061213237 from a landline. å£5000 cash or a 4* holiday await collection. T &Cs SAE PO Box 177 M227XY. 16+
ham	Ok lor... But buy wat?
ham	K..i deleted my contact that why?
ham	Misplaced your number and was sending texts to your old number. Wondering why i've not heard from you this year. All the best in your mcat. Got this number from my atlanta friends
ham	TELL HER I SAID EAT SHIT.
ham	You sure your neighbors didnt pick it up
spam	Ur HMV Quiz cash-balance is currently å£500 - to maximize ur cash-in now send HMV1 to 86688 only 150p/msg
spam	U have won a nokia 6230 plus a free digital camera. This is what u get when u win our FREE auction. To take part send NOKIA to 83383 now. POBOX114/14TCR/W1 16
ham	Can you do online transaction?
ham	I'm done oredi...
ham	He also knows about lunch menu only da. . I know
ham	Yeah just open chat and click friend lists. Then make the list. Easy as pie
ham	Send me your id and password
ham	I don't have anybody's number, I still haven't thought up a tactful way to ask alex
ham	But pls dont play in others life.
spam	HOT LIVE FANTASIES call now 08707509020 Just 20p per min NTT Ltd, PO Box 1327 Croydon CR9 5WB 0870 is a national rate call
spam	A link to your picture has been sent. You can also use http://alto18.co.uk/wave/wave.asp?o=44345
ham	Think i might have to give it a miss. Am teaching til twelve, then have lecture at two. Damn this working thing.
ham	Oooh I got plenty of those!
ham	I'd say that's a good sign but, well, you know my track record at reading women
spam	Thanks for your ringtone order, ref number R836. Your mobile will be charged å£4.50. Should your tone not arrive please call customer services on 09065069154
ham	I will vote for wherever my heart guides me
spam	07732584351 - Rodger Burns - MSG = We tried to call you re your reply to our sms for a free nokia mobile + free camcorder. Please call now 08000930705 for delivery tomorrow
ham	So what about you. What do you remember
ham	Shall call now dear having food
spam	Final Chance! Claim ur å£150 worth of discount vouchers today! Text YES to 85023 now! SavaMob, member offers mobile! T Cs SavaMob POBOX84, M263UZ. å£3.00 Subs 16
spam	FREE MSG:We billed your mobile number by mistake from shortcode 83332.Please call 08081263000 to have charges refunded.This call will be free from a BT landline
ham	Sorry about that this is my mates phone and i didnt write it love Kate
ham	Senthil group company Apnt 5pm.
ham	Wishing you and your family Merry \X\" mas and HAPPY NEW Year in advance.."
ham	I take it the post has come then! You must have 1000s of texts now! Happy reading. My one from wiv hello caroline at the end is my favourite. Bless him
spam	Do you want a New Nokia 3510i colour phone DeliveredTomorrow? With 300 free minutes to any mobile + 100 free texts + Free Camcorder reply or call 08000930705
ham	\I;m reaching in another 2 stops.\""
ham	I went to ur hon lab but no one is there.
ham	K..k:)how much does it cost?
ham	Lol or I could just starve and lose a pound by the end of the day.
ham	ÌÏ log off 4 wat. It's sdryb8i
ham	I am on the way to ur home
ham	He remains a bro amongst bros
ham	Yar lor... How u noe? U used dat route too?
ham	Give one miss from that number please
ham	Not much, just some textin'. How bout you?
ham	Yup
ham	Annoying isn't it.
spam	Hello from Orange. For 1 month's free access to games, news and sport, plus 10 free texts and 20 photo messages, reply YES. Terms apply: www.orange.co.uk/ow
ham	Let me know how it changes in the next 6hrs. It can even be appendix but you are out of that age range. However its not impossible. So just chill and let me know in 6hrs
ham	Leave it de:-). Start Prepare for next:-)..
ham	And that is the problem. You walk around in \julianaland\" oblivious to what is going on around you. I say the same things constantly and they go in one ear and out the other while you go off doing whatever you want to do. It's not that you don't know why I'm upset--it's that you don't listen when i tell you WHAT is going to upset me. Then you want to be surprised when I'm mad."
ham	Oh... Haha... Den we shld had went today too... Gee, nvm la... Kaiez, i dun mind goin jazz oso... Scared hiphop open cant catch up... 
ham	U wake up already? Thanx 4 e tau sar piah it's quite nice.
ham	I'm in a movie. Call me 4 wat?
ham	Now project pa. After that only i can come.
ham	Single line with a big meaning::::: \Miss anything 4 ur \"Best Life\" but
ham	Those cocksuckers. If it makes you feel better ipads are worthless garbage novelty items and you should feel bad for even wanting one
ham	If anyone calls for a treadmill say you'll buy it. Make sure its working. I found an ad on Craigslist selling for $ &lt;#&gt; .
ham	YO YO YO BYATCH WHASSUP?
ham	Haha okay... Today weekend leh... 
ham	Its normally hot mail. Com you see!
ham	Sorry i cant take your call right now. It so happens that there r 2waxsto do wat you want. She can come and ill get her medical insurance. And she'll be able to deliver and have basic care. I'm currently shopping for the right medical insurance for her. So just give me til friday morning. Thats when i.ll see the major person that can guide me to the right insurance.
spam	18 days to Euro2004 kickoff! U will be kept informed of all the latest news and results daily. Unsubscribe send GET EURO STOP to 83222.
ham	K, can I pick up another 8th when you're done?
ham	Ok..
ham	Good night my dear.. Sleepwell&amp;Take care
spam	Urgent UR awarded a complimentary trip to EuroDisinc Trav, Aco&Entry41 Or å£1000. To claim txt DIS to 87121 18+6*å£1.50(moreFrmMob. ShrAcomOrSglSuplt)10, LS1 3AJ
ham	I dont know ask to my brother. Nothing problem some thing that. Just i told .
ham	Jus chillaxin, what up
ham	Mum ask Ì_ to buy food home...
spam	5 Free Top Polyphonic Tones call 087018728737, National Rate. Get a toppoly tune sent every week, just text SUBPOLY to 81618, å£3 per pole. UnSub 08718727870.
ham	Ok...
ham	Forgot to tell Ì_ smth.. Can Ì_ like number the sections so that it's clearer..
spam	Congratulations ur awarded either a yrs supply of CDs from Virgin Records or a Mystery Gift GUARANTEED Call 09061104283 Ts&Cs www.smsco.net å£1.50pm approx 3mins
ham	Busy here. Trying to finish for new year. I am looking forward to finally meeting you...
spam	For ur chance to win a å£250 cash every wk TXT: ACTION to 80608. T's&C's www.movietrivia.tv custcare 08712405022, 1x150p/wk.
ham	Should I have picked up a receipt or something earlier
spam	U‰Ûªve Bin Awarded å£50 to Play 4 Instant Cash. Call 08715203028 To Claim. EVERY 9th Player Wins Min å£50-å£500. OptOut 08718727870
ham	Yes, i'm small kid.. And boost is the secret of my energy..
spam	Please call our customer service representative on 0800 169 6031 between 10am-9pm as you have WON a guaranteed å£1000 cash or å£5000 prize!
ham	Geeee ... I miss you already, you know ? Your all I can think about. Fuck, I can't wait till next year when we will be together ... *loving kiss*
ham	Ok. Every night take a warm bath drink a cup of milk and you'll see a work of magic. You still need to loose weight. Just so that you know
ham	Dont you have message offer
ham	What should i eat fo lunch senor
ham	Thank you. I like you as well...
ham	Hey you around? I've got enough for a half + the ten I owe you
ham	Okay same with me. Well thanks for the clarification
ham	Even if he my friend he is a priest call him now
ham	Yeah jay's sort of a fucking retard
ham	The sign of maturity is not when we start saying big things.. But actually it is, when we start understanding small things... *HAVE A NICE EVENING* BSLVYL
ham	Ok lor...
ham	MMM ... Fuck .... Merry Christmas to me
ham	Just woke up. Yeesh its late. But I didn't fall asleep til &lt;#&gt; am :/
ham	On the way to office da..
ham	Love you aathi..love u lot..
ham	My friend, she's studying at warwick, we've planned to go shopping and to concert tmw, but it may be canceled, havn't seen  for ages, yeah we should get together sometime!
ham	Yes princess! I want to catch you with my big strong hands...
ham	No you'll just get a headache trying to figure it out. U can trust me to do the math. I promise. O:-)
ham	Nope i waiting in sch 4 daddy... 
ham	Okie... Thanx...
ham	Does not operate after  &lt;#&gt;  or what
ham	How's it feel? Mr. Your not my real Valentine just my yo Valentine even tho u hardly play!!
ham	I want to lick your pussy now...
ham	Ya but it cant display internal subs so i gotta extract them
ham	Good Morning plz call me sir
ham	What type of stuff do you sing?
ham	But i juz remembered i gotta bathe my dog today..
ham	i cant talk to you now.i will call when i can.dont keep calling.
ham	K:)i will give my kvb acc details:)
ham	Hey i will be late ah... Meet you at 945+
ham	I couldn't say no as he is a dying man and I feel sad for him so I will go and I just wanted you to know I would probably be gone late into your night
ham	Yup. Thk of u oso boring wat.
ham	Hmm ok, i'll stay for like an hour cos my eye is really sore!
ham	I will lick up every drop :) are you ready to use your mouth as well?
ham	That's y i said it's bad dat all e gals know u... Wat u doing now?
ham	She's good. How are you. Where r u working now
spam	Thank you, winner notified by sms. Good Luck! No future marketing reply STOP to 84122 customer services 08450542832
spam	+123 Congratulations - in this week's competition draw u have won the å£1450 prize to claim just call 09050002311 b4280703. T&Cs/stop SMS 08718727868. Over 18 only 150ppm
ham	\Hi missed your Call and my mumHas beendropping red wine all over theplace! what is your adress?\""
spam	Had your mobile 10 mths? Update to latest Orange camera/video phones for FREE. Save å£s with Free texts/weekend calls. Text YES for a callback orno to opt out
ham	Dont know you bring some food
ham	Hey chief, can you give me a bell when you get this. Need to talk to you about this royal visit on the 1st june. 
ham	Jay wants to work out first, how's 4 sound?
ham	Was the farm open?
ham	Hmmm...k...but i want to change the field quickly da:-)i wanna get system administrator or network administrator..
ham	I place all ur points on e cultures module already.
ham	Correct. So how was work today
ham	Happy birthday... May all ur dreams come true...
ham	Was the actual exam harder than NBME
ham	Nt yet chikku..simple habba..hw abt u?
spam	New TEXTBUDDY Chat 2 horny guys in ur area 4 just 25p Free 2 receive Search postcode or at gaytextbuddy.com. TXT ONE name to 89693
ham	Nan sonathaya soladha. Why boss?
ham	He says hi and to get your ass back to south tampa (preferably at a kegger)
ham	Wen ur lovable bcums angry wid u, dnt take it seriously.. Coz being angry is d most childish n true way of showing deep affection, care n luv!.. kettoda manda... Have nice day da.
ham	ARE YOU IN TOWN? THIS IS V. IMPORTANT
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
spam	For ur chance to win å£250 cash every wk TXT: PLAY to 83370. T's&C's www.music-trivia.net custcare 08715705022, 1x150p/wk.
ham	Are you going to write ccna exam this week??
ham	No. On the way home. So if not for the long dry spell the season would have been over
ham	You lifted my hopes with the offer of money. I am in need. Especially when the end of the month approaches and it hurts my studying. Anyways have a gr8 weekend
ham	Ok. How many should i buy.
ham	It's Ì© only $140 ard...Ìä rest all ard $180 at least...Which is Ì© price 4 Ì© 2 bedrm ($900)
ham	I sent my scores to sophas and i had to do secondary application for a few schools. I think if you are thinking of applying, do a research on cost also. Contact joke ogunrinde, her school is one me the less expensive ones
ham	Not..tel software name..
ham	Dont pick up d call when something important is There to tell. Hrishi
ham	I come n pick Ì_ up... Come out immediately aft ur lesson...
ham	Oh oh... Wasted... Den muz chiong on sat n sun liao...
ham	Am also doing in cbe only. But have to pay.
ham	I dont want to hear anything
ham	My phone
ham	Also north carolina and texas atm, you would just go to the gre site and pay for the test results to be sent.
ham	K k:) sms chat with me.
ham	wiskey Brandy Rum Gin Beer Vodka Scotch Shampain Wine \KUDI\"yarasu dhina vaazhthukkal. .."
ham	Lol I would but my mom would have a fit and tell the whole family how crazy and terrible I am
ham	Two teams waiting for some players
ham	Yes.mum lookin strong:)
ham	Sindu got job in birla soft ..
ham	K, want us to come by now?
spam	Congratulations ur awarded 500 of CD vouchers or 125gift guaranteed & Free entry 2 100 wkly draw txt MUSIC to 87066
spam	ASKED 3MOBILE IF 0870 CHATLINES INCLU IN FREE MINS. INDIA CUST SERVs SED YES. L8ER GOT MEGA BILL. 3 DONT GIV A SHIT. BAILIFF DUE IN DAYS. I O å£250 3 WANT å£800
ham	Night has ended for another day, morning has come in a special way. May you smile like the sunny rays and leaves your worries at the blue blue bay. Gud mrng
ham	Tell them no need to investigate about me anywhere.
ham	ÌÏ no home work to do meh... 
ham	Wish u many many returns of the day.. Happy birthday vikky..
ham	K..k.:)congratulation ..
ham	I'm not coming home 4 dinner.
ham	naughty little thought: 'its better to flirt, flirt n flirt, rather than loving someone n gettin hurt, hurt n hurt...:-) Gud nyt
ham	Sorry sent blank msg again. Yup but trying 2 do some serious studying now.
ham	Nooooooo I'm gonna be bored to death all day. Cable and internet outage.
ham	Nope but i'll b going 2 sch on fri quite early lor cos mys sis got paper in da morn :-)
ham	Just seeing your missed call my dear brother. Do have a gr8 day.
ham	Was actually sleeping and still might when u call back. So a text is gr8. You rock sis. Will send u a text wen i wake.
ham	Can you call me plz. Your number shows out of coveragd area. I have urgnt call in vasai &amp; have to reach before 4'o clock so call me plz
ham	Oh k. . I will come tomorrow
spam	Want the latest Video handset? 750 anytime any network mins? Half price line rental? Reply or call 08000930705 for delivery tomorrow
ham	I am in bus on the way to calicut
ham	I will be gentle baby! Soon you will be taking all  &lt;#&gt;  inches deep inside your tight pussy...
ham	Sorry, I can't text &amp; drive coherently, see you in twenty
ham	Would me smoking you out help us work through this difficult time
ham	Hey company elama po mudyadhu.
ham	Okie
ham	I love to give massages. I use lots of baby oil... What is your fave position?
ham	Wait  &lt;#&gt;  min..
ham	Now get step 2 outta the way. Congrats again.
ham	See? I thought it all through
ham	Wat Ì_ doing now?
ham	R u here yet? I'm wearing blue shirt n black pants.
ham	I asked sen to come chennai and search for job.
ham	If i start sending blackberry torch to nigeria will you find buyer for me?like 4a month. And tell dad not to buy bb from anyone oh.
ham	Did I forget to tell you ? I want you , I need you, I crave you ... But most of all ... I love you my sweet Arabian steed ... Mmmmmm ... Yummy
ham	Ok lor Ì_ reaching then message me.
spam	FreeMsg Today's the day if you are ready! I'm horny & live in your town. I love sex fun & games! Netcollex Ltd 08700621170150p per msg reply Stop to end
spam	Congrats! 2 mobile 3G Videophones R yours. call 09063458130 now! videochat wid your mates, play java games, Dload polyPH music, noline rentl.
ham	You made my day. Do have a great day too.
ham	Haha i think i did too
ham	either way works for me. I am  &lt;#&gt;  years old. Hope that doesnt bother you.
ham	I calls you later. Afternoon onwords mtnl service get problem in south mumbai. I can hear you but you cann't listen me.
ham	Takin a shower now but yeah I'll leave when I'm done
ham	Hi, wlcome back, did wonder if you got eaten by a lion or something, nothing much
ham	ÌÏ still attending da talks?
spam	Mila, age23, blonde, new in UK. I look sex with UK guys. if u like fun with me. Text MTALK to 69866.18 . 30pp/txt 1st 5free. å£1.50 increments. Help08718728876
ham	Sending you greetings of joy and happiness. Do have a gr8 evening
ham	HEY GIRL. HOW R U? HOPE U R WELL ME AN DEL R BAK! AGAIN LONG TIME NO C! GIVE ME A CALL SUM TIME FROM LUCYxx
ham	When people see my msgs, They think Iam addicted to msging... They are wrong, Bcoz They don\'t know that Iam addicted to my sweet Friends..!! BSLVYL
spam	YOUR CHANCE TO BE ON A REALITY FANTASY SHOW call now = 08707509020 Just 20p per min NTT Ltd, PO Box 1327 Croydon CR9 5WB 0870 is a national = rate call
ham	\CHEERS U TEX MECAUSE U WEREBORED! YEAH OKDEN HUNNY R UIN WK SAT?SOUNDåÕS LIKEYOUR HAVIN GR8FUN J! KEEP UPDAT COUNTINLOTS OF LOVEME XXXXX.\""
ham	The Xmas story is peace.. The Xmas msg is love.. The Xmas miracle is jesus.. Hav a blessed month ahead &amp; wish U Merry Xmas...
ham	How come guoyang go n tell her? Then u told her?
ham	No..its ful of song lyrics..
ham	Oh k k:)but he is not a big hitter.anyway good
ham	Sorry man, accidentally left my phone on silent last night and didn't check it til I got up
ham	Yeah I imagine he would be really gentle. Unlike the other docs who treat their patients like turkeys.
ham	Sorry man, my stash ran dry last night and I can't pick up more until sunday
ham	Bognor it is! Should be splendid at this time of year.
ham	Blank is Blank. But wat is blank? Lol
ham	Watching cartoon, listening music &amp; at eve had to go temple &amp; church.. What about u?
ham	Doing my masters. When will you buy a bb cos i have for sale and how's bf
spam	LIFE has never been this much fun and great until you came in. You made it truly special for me. I won't forget you! enjoy @ one gbp/sms
ham	As usual..iam fine, happy &amp; doing well..:)
ham	Are you in castor? You need to see something
ham	Thanks for picking up the trash.
ham	I thk 530 lor. But dunno can get tickets a not. Wat u doing now?
ham	I was slept that time.you there?
spam	Jamster! To get your free wallpaper text HEART to 88888 now! T&C apply. 16 only. Need Help? Call 08701213186.
ham	Arms fine, how's Cardiff and uni? 
ham	I think that tantrum's finished so yeah I'll be by at some point
ham	Ok lor then we go tog lor...
ham	We not leaving yet. Ok lor then we go elsewhere n eat. U thk...
ham	Just arrived, see you in a couple days &lt;3
ham	Been up to ne thing interesting. Did you have a good birthday? When are u wrking nxt? I started uni today.
ham	Then why you not responding
ham	Aight no rush, I'll ask jay
ham	Hi Shanil,Rakhesh here.thanks,i have exchanged the uncut diamond stuff.leaving back. Excellent service by Dino and Prem.
ham	Where @
ham	Vikky, come around  &lt;TIME&gt; ..
ham	I (Career Tel) have added u as a contact on INDYAROCKS.COM to send FREE SMS. To remove from phonebook - sms NO to  &lt;#&gt;
ham	Good afternoon on this glorious anniversary day, my sweet J !! I hope this finds you happy and content, my Prey. I think of you and send a teasing kiss from across the sea coaxing images of fond souveniers ... You Cougar-Pen
ham	Went to pay rent. So i had to go to the bank to authorise the payment.
spam	Am new 2 club & dont fink we met yet Will B gr8 2 C U Please leave msg 2day wiv ur area 09099726553 reply promised CARLIE x Callså£1/minMobsmore LKPOBOX177HP51FL
ham	First answer my question.
ham	I went to project centre
ham	Whenevr ur sad, Whenevr ur gray, Remembr im here 2 listn 2 watevr u wanna say, Jus walk wid me a little while,&amp; I promise I'll bring back ur smile.:-)
ham	Hi! You just spoke to MANEESHA V. We'd like to know if you were satisfied with the experience. Reply Toll Free with Yes or No.
ham	Thnx dude. u guys out 2nite?
ham	My slave! I want you to take 2 or 3 pictures of yourself today in bright light on your cell phone! Bright light!
ham	Mmmm ... Fuck ... Not fair ! You know my weaknesses ! *grins* *pushes you to your knee's* *exposes my belly and pulls your head to it* Don't forget ... I know yours too *wicked smile*
ham	Ok ill send you with in  &lt;DECIMAL&gt;  ok.
ham	Y de asking like this.
ham	Ok not a problem will get them a taxi. C ing  tomorrow and tuesday. On tuesday think we r all going to the cinema. 
ham	I'm in office now . I will call you  &lt;#&gt;  min:)
ham	Must come later.. I normally bathe him in da afternoon mah..
ham	Wait . I will msg after  &lt;#&gt;  min.
spam	URGENT! We are trying to contact U. Todays draw shows that you have won a å£2000 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09058094507 from land line. Claim 3030. Valid 12hrs only
ham	Not from this campus. Are you in the library?
spam	CDs 4u: Congratulations ur awarded å£500 of CD gift vouchers or å£125 gift guaranteed & Freeentry 2 å£100 wkly draw xt MUSIC to 87066 TnCs www.ldew.com1win150ppmx3age16 
ham	Dnt worry...use ice pieces in a cloth pack.also take 2 tablets.
ham	Otherwise had part time job na-tuition..
ham	Ok thats cool. Its , just off either raglan rd or edward rd. Behind the cricket ground. Gimme ring when ur closeby see you tuesday.
ham	Ok i go change also...
ham	Y lei?
spam	Update_Now - 12Mths Half Price Orange line rental: 400mins...Call MobileUpd8 on 08000839402 or call2optout=J5Q
ham	One small prestige problem now.
ham	Love isn't a decision, it's a feeling. If we could decide who to love, then, life would be much simpler, but then less magical
ham	I know! Grumpy old people. My mom was like you better not be lying. Then again I am always the one to play jokes...
ham	Boo. How's things? I'm back at home and a little bored already :-(
ham	hey, looks like I was wrong and one of the kappa guys numbers is still on my phone, if you want I can text him and see if he's around
ham	Sounds like you have many talents! would you like to go on a dinner date next week?
ham	Do u ever get a song stuck in your head for no reason and it won't go away til u listen to it like 5 times?
ham	Ok u can take me shopping when u get paid =D
spam	You have 1 new message. Please call 08718738034.
ham	Except theres a chick with huge boobs.
ham	what are your new years plans?
ham	I am late,so call you tomorrow morning.take care sweet dreams....u and me...ummifying...bye.
ham	I'm used to it. I just hope my agents don't drop me since i've only booked a few things this year. This whole me in boston, them in nyc was an experiment.
ham	Pete,is this your phone still? Its Jenny from college and Leanne.what are you up to now?:)
ham	Ugh fuck it I'm resubbing to eve
ham	Yep get with the program. You're slacking.
ham	But i'm surprised she still can guess right lor...
ham	.Please charge my mobile when you get up in morning.
ham	Can... I'm free...
ham	Pls she needs to dat slowly or she will vomit more.
ham	Oh... I was thkin of goin yogasana at 10 den no nd to go at 3 den can rush to parco 4 nb... Okie lor, u call me when ready...
spam	Phony å£350 award - Todays Voda numbers ending XXXX are selected to receive a å£350 award. If you have a match please call 08712300220 quoting claim code 3100 standard rates app
ham	It just seems like weird timing that the night that all you and g want is for me to come smoke is the same day as when a shitstorm is attributed to me always coming over and making everyone smoke
spam	85233 FREE>Ringtone!Reply REAL
ham	They can try! They can get lost, in fact. Tee hee
ham	Aight I've been set free, think you could text me blake's address? It occurs to me I'm not quite as sure what I'm doing as I thought I was
ham	Dear good morning how you feeling dear
ham	Awesome, think we can get an 8th at usf some time tonight?
ham	How come i din c Ì_... Yup i cut my hair...
ham	Sorry, I can't help you on this.
ham	If you don't respond imma assume you're still asleep and imma start calling n shit
ham	Did you show him and wot did he say or could u not c him 4 dust?
spam	Urgent Ur å£500 guaranteed award is still unclaimed! Call 09066368327 NOW closingdate04/09/02 claimcode M39M51 å£1.50pmmorefrommobile2Bremoved-MobyPOBox734LS27YF
ham	Where r e meeting tmr?
ham	He fucking chickened out. He messaged me he would be late and woould buzz me and then I didn't hear a word from him
ham	I sent them. Do you like?
ham	Then u go back urself lor...
spam	Free video camera phones with Half Price line rental for 12 mths and 500 cross ntwk mins 100 txts. Call MobileUpd8 08001950382 or Call2OptOut/674
ham	Have you laid your airtel line to rest?
ham	Nite nite pocay wocay luv u more than n e thing 4eva I promise ring u 2morrowxxxx
ham	Really do hope the work doesnt get stressful. Have a gr8 day.
ham	Aight, I'll ask a few of my roommates
ham	Or just do that 6times
ham	Is toshiba portege m100 gd?
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	Well boy am I glad G wasted all night at applebees for nothing
ham	Please tell me you have some of that special stock you were talking about
ham	Oh god..taken the teeth?is it paining
ham	Ok...
ham	HEY THERE BABE, HOW U DOIN? WOT U UP 2 2NITE LOVE ANNIE X.
ham	Alright we're hooked up, where you guys at
ham	Ok. Can be later showing around 8-8:30 if you want + cld have drink before. Wld prefer not to spend money on nosh if you don't mind, as doing that nxt wk.
ham	Ya very nice. . .be ready on thursday
ham	One of the joys in lifeis waking up each daywith thoughts that somewhereSomeone cares enough tosend a warm morning greeting.. -
ham	No shoot me. I'm in the docs waiting room. :/
ham	You got job in wipro:)you will get every thing in life in 2 or 3 years.
ham	I know you are serving. I mean what are you doing now.
ham	Hi da:)how is the todays class?
ham	Don't fret. I'll buy the ovulation test strips and send them to you. You wont get them til like march. Can you send me your postal address.u'll be alright.Okay.
ham	Then u going ikea str aft dat?
ham	ÌÏ predict wat time Ì_'ll finish buying?
ham	I'm outside islands, head towards hard rock and you'll run into me
ham	He dint tell anything. He is angry on me that why you told to abi.
ham	No need to ke qi... ÌÏ too bored izzit y suddenly thk of this...
ham	Idk. You keep saying that you're not, but since he moved, we keep butting heads over freedom vs. responsibility. And i'm tired. I have so much other shit to deal with that i'm barely keeping myself together once this gets added to it.
ham	Me too watching surya movie only. . .after 6 pm vijay movie POKKIRI
ham	Aight, I'll hit you up when I get some cash
ham	University of southern california.
ham	Pls dont forget to study
ham	Ya very nice. . .be ready on thursday
ham	I have no money 4 steve mate! !
ham	Why didn't u call on your lunch?
ham	(And my man carlos is definitely coming by mu tonight, no excuses)
ham	I thk 50 shd be ok he said plus minus 10.. Did Ì_ leave a line in between paragraphs?
ham	Well am officially in a philosophical hole, so if u wanna call am at home ready to be saved!
ham	Get me out of this dump heap. My mom decided to come to lowes. BORING.
spam	FREE RING TONE just text \POLYS\" to 87131. Then every week get a new tone. 0870737910216yrs only å£1.50/wk."
ham	Eatin my lunch...
spam	Congrats! 1 year special cinema pass for 2 is yours. call 09061209465 now! C Suprman V, Matrix3, StarWars3, etc all 4 FREE! bx420-ip4-5we. 150pm. Dont miss out!
ham	Do we have any spare power supplies
ham	No message..no responce..what happend?
ham	Love it! The girls at the office may wonder why you are smiling but sore...
ham	What is your record for one night? :)
ham	Omw back to tampa from west palm, you hear what happened?
spam	URGENT! Your mobile No 07xxxxxxxxx won a å£2,000 bonus caller prize on 02/06/03! this is the 2nd attempt to reach YOU! call 09066362231 ASAP! BOX97N7QP, 150PPM
ham	How abt making some of the pics bigger?
ham	Have you heard about that job? I'm going to that wildlife talk again tonight if u want2come. Its that2worzels and a wizzle or whatever it is?! 
spam	Get 3 Lions England tone, reply lionm 4 mono or lionp 4 poly. 4 more go 2 www.ringtones.co.uk, the original n best. Tones 3GBP network operator rates apply.
ham	Me too! Have a lovely night xxx
ham	I'm always on yahoo messenger now. Just send the message to me and i.ll get it you may have to send it in the mobile mode sha but i.ll get it. And will reply.
ham	You flippin your shit yet?
ham	\CAN I PLEASE COME UP NOW IMIN TOWN.DONTMATTER IF URGOIN OUTL8R
ham	Alright omw, gotta change my order to a half8th
ham	Alright i have a new goal now
ham	Also fuck you and your family for going to rhode island or wherever the fuck and leaving me all alone the week I have a new bong &gt;:(
ham	I HAVE A DATE ON SUNDAY WITH WILL!!
ham	I plane to give on this month end.
ham	When did you get to the library
spam	Free video camera phones with Half Price line rental for 12 mths and 500 cross ntwk mins 100 txts. Call MobileUpd8 08001950382 or Call2OptOut/674&
ham	Gain the rights of a wife.dont demand it.i am trying as husband too.Lets see
ham	I know I'm lacking on most of this particular dramastorm's details but for the most part I'm not worried about that
ham	I accidentally deleted the message. Resend please.
ham	Ok both our days. So what are you making for dinner tonite? Am I invited?
ham	Hello! How r u? Im bored. Inever thought id get bored with the tv but I am. Tell me something exciting has happened there? Anything! =/
ham	Oh...i asked for fun. Haha...take care. Ì_
ham	I tagged MY friends that you seemed to count as YOUR friends.
ham	Gudnite....tc...practice going on
spam	Thanks for your ringtone order, reference number X49. Your mobile will be charged 4.50. Should your tone not arrive please call customer services 09065989182. From: [colour=red]text[/colour]TXTstar
ham	How's ur paper?
ham	Then cant get da laptop? My matric card wif Ì_ lei... 
ham	They will pick up and drop in car.so no problem..
ham	What time do u get out?
ham	Somebody should go to andros and steal ice
spam	The current leading bid is 151. To pause this auction send OUT. Customer Care: 08718726270
spam	URGENT This is our 2nd attempt to contact U. Your å£900 prize from YESTERDAY is still awaiting collection. To claim CALL NOW 09061702893. ACL03530150PM
ham	I'm gonna say no. Sorry. I would but as normal am starting to panic about time. Sorry again! Are you seeing on Tuesday?
ham	Hey, iouri gave me your number, I'm wylie, ryan's friend
ham	If you're thinking of lifting me one then no.
ham	I know complain num only..bettr directly go to bsnl offc nd apply for it..
ham	Tee hee. Off to lecture, cheery bye bye.
ham	Anything is valuable in only 2 situations: First- Before getting it... Second- After loosing it...
ham	Aight, tomorrow around  &lt;#&gt;  it is
ham	JADE ITS PAUL. Y DIDNåÕT U TXT ME? DO U REMEMBER ME FROM BARMED? I WANT 2 TALK 2 U! TXT ME
ham	Yes. They replied my mail. I'm going to the management office later. Plus will in to bank later also.or on wednesday.
ham	You will go to walmart. I.ll stay.
ham	Ok thanx...
ham	Wn u r hurt by d prsn who s close 2 u, do fight wit dem. Coz somtimes dis fight saves a relation bt being quiet leaves nothin in a relation.. Gud eveB-)
ham	Aight text me when you're back at mu and I'll swing by, need somebody to get the door for me
ham	Were trying to find a Chinese food place around here
spam	Block Breaker now comes in deluxe format with new features and great graphics from T-Mobile. Buy for just å£5 by replying GET BBDELUXE and take the challenge
ham	Ok darlin i supose it was ok i just worry too much.i have to do some film stuff my mate and then have to babysit again! But you can call me there.xx
ham	Omg you can make a wedding chapel in frontierville? Why do they get all the good stuff?
ham	I get out of class in bsn in like  &lt;#&gt;  minutes, you know where advising is?
ham	am up to my eyes in philosophy
ham	Oh k. . I will come tomorrow
ham	Awesome, text me when you're restocked
ham	Sorry my roommates took forever, it ok if I come by now?
ham	What happened to our yo date?
ham	He needs to stop going to bed and make with the fucking dealing
spam	Please CALL 08712402902 immediately as there is an urgent message waiting for you.
spam	Sppok up ur mob with a Halloween collection of nokia logo&pic message plus a FREE eerie tone, txt CARD SPOOK to 8007
spam	No. 1 Nokia Tone 4 ur mob every week! Just txt NOK to 87021. 1st Tone FREE ! so get txtin now and tell ur friends. 150p/tone. 16 reply HL 4info
spam	YOU ARE CHOSEN TO RECEIVE A å£350 AWARD! Pls call claim number 09066364311 to collect your award which you are selected to receive as a valued mobile customer.
ham	Old Orchard near univ. How about you?
ham	No i'm not. I can't give you everything you want and need. You actually could do better for yourself on yor own--you've got more money than i do. I can't get work, i can't get a man, i can't pay the rent, i can't even fill my fucking gas tank. yes, i'm stressed and depressed. I didn't even call home for thanksgiving cuz i'll have to tell them i,m up to nothing.
ham	S:)s.nervous  &lt;#&gt; :)
ham	Thanx but my birthday is over already.
spam	Get your garden ready for summer with a FREE selection of summer bulbs and seeds worth å£33:50 only with The Scotsman this Saturday. To stop go2 notxt.co.uk
ham	I'm reading the text i just sent you. Its meant to be a joke. So read it in that light
ham	Wif my family booking tour package.
ham	No calls..messages..missed calls
spam	Loan for any purpose å£500 - å£75,000. Homeowners + Tenants welcome. Have you been previously refused? We can still help. Call Free 0800 1956669 or text back 'help'
ham	Then Ì_ ask dad to pick Ì_ up lar... ÌÏ wan 2 stay until 6 meh...
ham	Awesome, that gonna be soon or later tonight?
spam	We currently have a message awaiting your collection. To collect your message just call 08718723815.
ham	Wen ur lovable bcums angry wid u, dnt take it seriously.. Coz being angry is d most childish n true way of showing deep affection, care n luv!.. kettoda manda... Have nice day da.
ham	Mum say we wan to go then go... Then she can shun bian watch da glass exhibition... 
ham	I will see in half an hour
ham	Ok.
ham	I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
ham	Sian... Aft meeting supervisor got work 2 do liao... U working now?
ham	Understand. his loss is my gain :) so do you work? School?
spam	Someone has conacted our dating service and entered your phone because they fancy you!To find out who it is call from landline 09111030116. PoBox12n146tf15
ham	I canåÕt wait for cornwall. Hope tonight isnåÕt too bad as well but itåÕs rock night shite. Anyway iåÕm going for a kip now have a good night. Speak to you soon.
ham	As I entered my cabin my PA said, '' Happy B'day Boss !!''. I felt special. She askd me 4 lunch. After lunch she invited me to her apartment. We went there.
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
spam	Free-message: Jamster!Get the crazy frog sound now! For poly text MAD1, for real text MAD2 to 88888. 6 crazy sounds for just 3 GBP/week! 16+only! T&C's apply
ham	I think the other two still need to get cash but we can def be ready by 9
ham	Yeah confirmed for you staying at  that weekend
ham	Just normal only here :)
ham	Yup...
ham	Yup... How Ì_ noe leh...
ham	Or remind me in a few hrs.
spam	YOU HAVE WON! As a valued Vodafone customer our computer has picked YOU to win a å£150 prize. To collect is easy. Just call 09061743386
ham	Ok lor. Msg me b4 u call.
ham	Thanks honey but still haven't heard anything I will leave it a bit longer so not 2 crowd him and will try later - great advice thanks hope cardiff is still there!
ham	Thanks for being there for me just to talk to on saturday. You are very dear to me. I cherish having you as a brother and role model.
ham	What's up. Do you want me to come online?
spam	You are a winner U have been specially selected 2 receive å£1000 cash or a 4* holiday (flights inc) speak to a live operator 2 claim 0871277810810
ham	Good afternoon sunshine! How dawns that day ? Are we refreshed and happy to be alive? Do we breathe in the air and smile ? I think of you, my love ... As always
ham	Huh? 6 also cannot? Then only how many mistakes?
ham	Hi neva worry bout da truth coz the truth will lead me 2 ur heart. ItåÕs the least a unique person like u deserve. Sleep tight or morning
ham	\HEY KATE
spam	This is the 2nd time we have tried 2 contact u. U have won the å£750 Pound prize. 2 claim is easy, call 087187272008 NOW1! Only 10p per minute. BT-national-rate.
ham	If we hit it off, you can move in with me :)
spam	(Bank of Granite issues Strong-Buy) EXPLOSIVE PICK FOR OUR MEMBERS *****UP OVER 300% *********** Nasdaq Symbol CDGT That is a $5.00 per..
ham	have got * few things to do. may be in * pub later.
spam	UR awarded a City Break and could WIN a å£200 Summer Shopping spree every WK. Txt STORE to 88039 . SkilGme. TsCs087147403231Winawk!Age16 å£1.50perWKsub
spam	URGENT! Your mobile was awarded a å£1,500 Bonus Caller Prize on 27/6/03. Our final attempt 2 contact U! Call 08714714011
ham	So many people seems to be special at first sight, But only very few will remain special to you till your last sight.. Maintain them till life ends.. take cr da
ham	In da car park 
ham	Nah can't help you there, I've never had an iphone
ham	I prefer my free days... Tues, wed, fri oso can... ÌÏ ask those workin lor...
ham	Sorry, left phone upstairs. OK, might be hectic but would be all my birds with one fell swoop. It's a date.
ham	What you did in  leave.
ham	Hiya, probably coming home * weekend after next
ham	Hi im having the most relaxing time ever! we have to get up at 7am every day! was the party good the other night? I get home tomorrow at 5ish.
ham	Oh ok i didnt know what you meant. Yep i am baby jontin
ham	You are everywhere dirt, on the floor, the windows, even on my shirt. And sometimes when i open my mouth, you are all that comes flowing out. I dream of my world without you, then half my chores are out too. A time of joy for me, lots of tv shows i.ll see. But i guess like all things you just must exist, like rain, hail and mist, and when my time here is done, you and i become one.
ham	ÌÏ ready then call me...
spam	08714712388 between 10am-7pm Cost 10p
ham	Lol yep did that yesterday. Already got my fireplace. Now its just another icon sitting there for me.
ham	Hurry up, I've been weed-deficient for like three days
ham	Hi mom we might be back later than  &lt;#&gt; 
ham	Am i that much dirty fellow?
ham	Tyler (getting an 8th) has to leave not long after 9, can you get here in like an hour?
ham	I donno if they are scorable
spam	tells u 2 call 09066358152 to claim å£5000 prize. U have 2 enter all ur mobile & personal details @ the prompts. Careful!
ham	Aight do you still want to get money
ham	\Im at arestaurant eating squid! i will be out about 10:30 wanna dosomething or is that to late?\""
ham	If you're not in my car in an hour and a half I'm going apeshit
ham	I cant keep talking to people if am not sure i can pay them if they agree to price. So pls tell me what you want to really buy and how much you are willing to pay
spam	Great NEW Offer - DOUBLE Mins & DOUBLE Txt on best Orange tariffs AND get latest camera phones 4 FREE! Call MobileUpd8 free on 08000839402 NOW! or 2stoptxt T&Cs
ham	Hmmm.... Mayb can try e shoppin area one, but forgot e name of hotel...
ham	Desires- u going to doctor 4 liver. And get a bit stylish. Get ur hair managed. Thats it.
ham	Em, its olowoyey@ usc.edu have a great time in argentina. Not sad about secretary, everything is a blessing
ham	So how are you really. What are you up to. How's the masters. And so on.
ham	What i mean is do they come chase you out when its over or is it stated you can watch as many movies as you want.
ham	Alright, see you in a bit
ham	Yoyyooo u know how to change permissions for a drive in mac. My usb flash drive
ham	ÌÏ wait 4 me in sch i finish ard 5..
ham	You busy or can I come by at some point and figure out what we're doing tomorrow
spam	BIG BROTHER ALERT! The computer has selected u for 10k cash or #150 voucher. Call 09064018838. NTT PO Box CRO1327 18+ BT Landline Cost 150ppm mobiles vary
ham	Did u download the fring app?
ham	Dont put your phone on silent mode ok
ham	Yeah, don't go to bed, I'll be back before midnight
ham	My Parents, My Kidz, My Friends n My Colleagues. All screaming.. SURPRISE !! and I was waiting on the sofa.. ... ..... ' NAKED...!
ham	Do whatever you want. You know what the rules are. We had a talk earlier this week about what had to start happening, you showing responsibility. Yet, every week it's can i bend the rule this way? What about that way? Do whatever. I'm tired of having thia same argument with you every week. And a  &lt;#&gt;  movie DOESNT inlude the previews. You're still getting in after 1.
ham	R u over scratching it?
ham	You are right. Meanwhile how's project twins comin up
ham	Princess, i like to make love  &lt;#&gt;  times per night. Hope thats not a problem!
ham	He says hi and to get your ass back to south tampa (preferably at a kegger)
ham	Ok Chinese food on its way. When I get fat you're paying for my lipo.
ham	Honeybee Said: *I'm d Sweetest in d World* God Laughed &amp; Said: *Wait,U Havnt Met d Person Reading This Msg* MORAL: Even GOD Can Crack Jokes! GM+GN+GE+GN:)
ham	Better than bb. If he wont use it, his wife will or them doctor
ham	1.20 that call cost. Which i guess isnt bad. Miss ya, need ya, want ya, love ya
ham	Still in the area of the restaurant. Ill try to come back soon
ham	Ok. I asked for money how far
ham	We have all rounder:)so not required:)
ham	Ooh, 4got, i'm gonna start belly dancing in moseley weds 6.30 if u want 2 join me, they have a cafe too. 
ham	Today am going to college so am not able to atten the class.
ham	Let there be snow. Let there be snow. This kind of weather brings ppl together so friendships can grow.
spam	Free msg. Sorry, a service you ordered from 81303 could not be delivered as you do not have sufficient credit. Please top up to receive the service.
ham	Total video converter free download type this in google search:)
ham	Fuck babe ... I miss you already, you know ? Can't you let me send you some money towards your net ? I need you ... I want you ... I crave you ...
ham	This single single answers are we fighting? Plus i said am broke and you didnt reply
ham	Tell rob to mack his gf in the theater
ham	I'm taking derek &amp; taylor to walmart, if I'm not back by the time you're done just leave the mouse on my desk and I'll text you when priscilla's ready
ham	ÌÏ mean it's confirmed... I tot they juz say oni... Ok then... 
ham	Simply sitting and watching match in office..
ham	cool. We will have fun practicing making babies!
ham	\Im on gloucesterroad what are uup to later?\""
ham	Dear Sir,Salam Alaikkum.Pride and Pleasure meeting you today at the Tea Shop.We are pleased to send you our contact number at Qatar.Rakhesh an Indian.Pls save our Number.Respectful Regards.
ham	Yun ah.now Ì_ wkg where?btw if Ì_ go nus sc. ÌÏ wana specialise in wad?
ham	I only haf msn. It's yijue@hotmail.com
ham	I hope you know I'm still mad at you.
spam	Please call our customer service representative on 0800 169 6031 between 10am-9pm as you have WON a guaranteed å£1000 cash or å£5000 prize!
ham	K then 2marrow are you coming to class.
ham	There r many model..sony ericson also der.. &lt;#&gt; ..it luks good bt i forgot modl no
ham	As I entered my cabin my PA said, '' Happy B'day Boss !!''. I felt special. She askd me 4 lunch. After lunch she invited me to her apartment. We went there.
ham	Didn't try, g and I decided not to head out
ham	R u sure they'll understand that! Wine * good idea just had a slurp!
ham	:-) :-)
ham	No management puzzeles.
ham	The guy at the car shop who was flirting with me got my phone number from the paperwork and called and texted me. I'm nervous because of course now he may have my address. Should i call his boss and tell him, knowing this may get him fired?
ham	Do Ì_ all wan 2 meet up n combine all the parts? How's da rest of da project going?
ham	Love you aathi..love u lot..
spam	-PLS STOP bootydelious (32/F) is inviting you to be her friend. Reply YES-434 or NO-434 See her: www.SMS.ac/u/bootydelious STOP? Send STOP FRND to 62468
spam	Not heard from U4 a while. Call 4 rude chat private line 01223585334 to cum. Wan 2C pics of me gettin shagged then text PIX to 8552. 2End send STOP 8552 SAM xxx
ham	K:)k:)what are detail you want to transfer?acc no enough?
ham	Frnd s not juz a word.....not merely a relationship.....its a silent promise which says ... \ I will be with YOU \" Wherevr.. Whenevr.. Forevr... Gudnyt dear.."
ham	Isn't frnd a necesity in life? imagine urself witout a frnd.. hw'd u feel at ur colleg? wat'll u do wth ur cell? wat abt functions? thnk abt events espe'll cared, missed &amp; irritated u? 4wrd it to all those dear-loving frnds wthout whom u cant live.. I jst did it.. Takecare..:) GOODMORNING
ham	You said to me before i went back to bed that you can't sleep for anything.
ham	Spoke with uncle john today. He strongly feels that you need to sacrifice to keep me here. He's going to call you. When he does, i beg you to just listen. Dont make any promises or make it clear things are not easy. And i need you to please let us work things out. As long as i keep expecting help, my creativity will be stifled so pls just keep him happy, no promises on your part.
ham	Pls send me your address sir.
ham	Merry Christmas to you too babe, i love ya *kisses*
ham	Hey... Thk we juz go accordin to wat we discussed yest lor, except no kb on sun... Cos there's nt much lesson to go if we attend kb on sat...
ham	Happy New Year Princess!
ham	Ok i am on the way to railway
spam	Well done ENGLAND! Get the official poly ringtone or colour flag on yer mobile! text TONE or FLAG to 84199 NOW! Opt-out txt ENG STOP. Box39822 W111WX å£1.50
ham	No it was cancelled yeah baby! Well that sounds important so i understand my darlin give me a ring later on this fone love Kate x
spam	Guess who am I?This is the first time I created a web page WWW.ASJESUS.COM read all I wrote. I'm waiting for your opinions. I want to be your friend 1/1
ham	Solve d Case : A Man Was Found Murdered On  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; . &lt;#&gt;  AfterNoon. 1,His wife called Police. 2,Police questioned everyone. 3,Wife: Sir,I was sleeping, when the murder took place. 4.Cook: I was cooking. 5.Gardener: I was picking vegetables. 6.House-Maid: I went 2 d post office. 7.Children: We went 2 play. 8.Neighbour: We went 2 a marriage. Police arrested d murderer Immediately. Who's It? Reply With Reason, If U r Brilliant.
ham	It only does simple arithmetic not percentages.
ham	You've already got a flaky parent. It'snot supposed to be the child's job to support the parent...not until they're The Ride age anyway. I'm supposed to be there to support you. And now i've hurt you. unintentional. But hurt nonetheless.
ham	But I'm on a diet. And I ate 1 too many slices of pizza yesterday. Ugh I'm ALWAYS on a diet.
ham	Dear, take care. I am just reaching home.love u a lot.
ham	Staff of placement training in Amrita college.
ham	K, text me when you're on the way
ham	Good morning pookie pie! Lol hope I didn't wake u up
ham	U so lousy, run already come back then half dead... Hee...
ham	I'm sick !! I'm needy !! I want you !! *pouts* *stomps feet* Where are you ?! *pouts* *stomps feet* I want my slave !! I want him now !!
ham	7 wonders in My WORLD 7th You 6th Ur style 5th Ur smile 4th Ur Personality 3rd Ur Nature 2nd Ur SMS and 1st \Ur Lovely Friendship\"... good morning dear"
ham	I just really need shit before tomorrow and I know you won't be awake before like 6
ham	Oh my God. I'm almost home
ham	When you came to hostel.
ham	Don know..wait i will check it.
spam	You are guaranteed the latest Nokia Phone, a 40GB iPod MP3 player or a å£500 prize! Txt word: COLLECT to No: 83355! IBHltd LdnW15H 150p/Mtmsgrcvd18
ham	For real tho this sucks. I can't even cook my whole electricity is out. And I'm hungry.
ham	Yes. that will be fine. Love you. Be safe.
ham	Thanks honey. Have a great day.
ham	That's good, because I need drugs
ham	Me, i dont know again oh
ham	This is wishing you a great day. Moji told me about your offer and as always i was speechless. You offer so easily to go to great lengths on my behalf and its stunning. My exam is next friday. After that i will keep in touch more. Sorry.
ham	Sorry, I'll call you  later. I am in meeting sir.
ham	Tell them u have a headache and just want to use 1 hour of sick time.
ham	My uncles in Atlanta. Wish you guys a great semester.
ham	A boy was late 2 home. His father: \POWER OF FRNDSHIP\""
ham	Today my system sh get ready.all is well and i am also in the deep well
ham	Ok. Not much to do here though. H&M Friday, cant wait. Dunno wot the hell im gonna do for another 3 weeks! Become a slob- oh wait, already done that! 
spam	Please call our customer service representative on FREEPHONE 0808 145 4742 between 9am-11pm as you have WON a guaranteed å£1000 cash or å£5000 prize!
ham	Wewa is 130. Iriver 255. All 128 mb.
ham	Then dun wear jeans lor...
spam	Missed call alert. These numbers called but left no message. 07008009200
ham	IM LATE TELLMISS IM ON MY WAY
ham	Yes i will be there. Glad you made it.
ham	Wishing you and your family Merry \X\" mas and HAPPY NEW Year in advance.."
ham	Then Ì_ come n pick me at 530 ar?
ham	What to think no one saying clearly. Ok leave no need to ask her. I will go if she come or not
spam	Reminder: You have not downloaded the content you have already paid for. Goto http://doit. mymoby. tv/ to collect your content.
ham	Jus finish bathing...
ham	I sent you  &lt;#&gt;  bucks
spam	PRIVATE! Your 2003 Account Statement for 07815296484 shows 800 un-redeemed S.I.M. points. Call 08718738001 Identifier Code 41782 Expires 18/11/04 
ham	Howz pain?hope u r fine..
spam	Ur cash-balance is currently 500 pounds - to maximize ur cash-in now send CASH to 86688 only 150p/msg. CC: 08718720201 PO BOX 114/14 TCR/W1
spam	URGENT! We are trying to contact U. Todays draw shows that you have won a å£800 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09050001808 from land line. Claim M95. Valid12hrs only
ham	Yes just finished watching days of our lives. I love it.
spam	our mobile number has won å£5000, to claim calls us back or ring the claims hot line on 09050005321.
ham	None of that's happening til you get here though
ham	Don no da:)whats you plan?
ham	LOL what happens in Vegas stays in vegas
ham	Its on in engalnd! But telly has decided it won't let me watch it and mia and elliot were kissing! Damn it!
ham	I want  &lt;#&gt;  rs da:)do you have it?
ham	Hahaha..use your brain dear
ham	I wake up long ago already... Dunno, what other thing?
ham	Your bill at 3 is å£33.65 so thats not bad!
ham	Carlos says we can pick up from him later so yeah we're set
ham	I am sorry it hurt you.
ham	You do your studies alone without anyones help. If you cant no need to study.
ham	No. Thank you. You've been wonderful
ham	Think + da. You wil do.
ham	K..give back my thanks.
ham	Yup having my lunch buffet now.. U eat already?
ham	I reach home safe n sound liao...
ham	No did you check? I got his detailed message now
ham	Today is \song dedicated day..\" Which song will u dedicate for me? Send this to all ur valuable frnds but first rply me..."
ham	I might go 2 sch. Yar at e salon now v boring.
ham	She doesnt need any test.
ham	So there's a ring that comes with the guys costumes. It's there so they can gift their future yowifes. Hint hint
ham	By the way, i've put a skip right outside the front of the house so you can see which house it is. Just pull up before it.
ham	Come to mu, we're sorting out our narcotics situation
ham	What happen dear tell me
ham	Mm so you asked me not to call radio
ham	Ha ha cool cool chikku chikku:-):-DB-)
ham	I'm in office now da:)where are you?
ham	Cramps stopped. Going back to sleep
ham	Night has ended for another day, morning has come in a special way. May you smile like the sunny rays and leaves your worries at the blue blue bay.
ham	This pen thing is beyond a joke. Wont a Biro do? Don't do a masters as can't do this ever again! 
ham	Aah bless! How's your arm?
ham	Prabha..i'm soryda..realy..frm heart i'm sory
ham	Can't. I feel nauseous. I'm so pissed. I didn't eat any sweets all week cause today I was planning to pig out. I was dieting all week. And now I'm not hungry :/
ham	Sorry, I'll call later in meeting any thing related to trade please call Arul. &lt;#&gt; 
ham	What's nannys address?
ham	Hmm well, night night 
ham	Can you open the door?
ham	Yes. Rent is very expensive so its the way we save.
ham	I'm at home. Please call
ham	Macha dont feel upset.i can assume your mindset.believe me one evening with me and i have some wonderful plans for both of us.LET LIFE BEGIN AGAIN.call me anytime
ham	I'm not driving... Raining! Then i'll get caught at e mrt station lor.
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	I am great! How are you?
ham	He says he'll give me a call when his friend's got the money but that he's definitely buying before the end of the week
ham	R we going with the  &lt;#&gt;  bus?
ham	U attend ur driving lesson how many times a wk n which day?
ham	great princess! I love giving and receiving oral. Doggy style is my fave position. How about you? I enjoy making love  &lt;#&gt;  times per night :)
spam	Wan2 win a Meet+Greet with Westlife 4 U or a m8? They are currently on what tour? 1)Unbreakable, 2)Untamed, 3)Unkempt. Text 1,2 or 3 to 83049. Cost 50p +std text
ham	Kind of. Just missed train cos of asthma attack, nxt one in half hr so driving in. not sure where to park.
ham	Shb b ok lor... Thanx...
ham	Ok good then i later come find Ì_... C lucky i told Ì_ to go earlier... Later pple take finish Ì_ no more again...
ham	 says that he's quitting at least5times a day so i wudn't take much notice of that. Nah, she didn't mind. Are you gonna see him again? Do you want to come to taunton tonight? U can tell me all about !
ham	Hey. For me there is no leave on friday. Wait i will ask my superior and tell you..
ham	I'm gonna rip out my uterus.
ham	Do Ì_ noe if ben is going?
ham	Of cos can lar i'm not so ba dao ok... 1 pm lor... Y u never ask where we go ah... I said u would ask on fri but he said u will ask today...
ham	Yes..but they said its IT.,
ham	I REALLY NEED 2 KISS U I MISS U MY BABY FROM UR BABY 4EVA
ham	Shopping lor. Them raining mah hard 2 leave orchard.
ham	Its good, we'll find a way
ham	I jus reached home. I go bathe first. But my sis using net tell u when she finishes k...
ham	THIS IS A LONG FUCKIN SHOWR
ham	There is no sense in my foot and penis.
ham	Goodmorning sleeping ga.
ham	How i noe... She's in da car now... Later then c lar... I'm wearing shorts...
ham	Wat would u like 4 ur birthday?
ham	I love you both too :-)
ham	By monday next week. Give me the full gist
ham	God created gap btwn ur fingers so dat sum1 vry special will fill those gaps by holding ur hands.. Now plz dont ask y he created so much gap between legs !!!
ham	Aiyo... Her lesson so early... I'm still sleepin, haha... Okie, u go home liao den confirm w me lor...
ham	\Thinking of u ;) x\""
ham	I AM AT THE GAS STATION. GO THERE.
ham	Happy birthday to you....dear.with lots of love.rakhesh NRI
ham	Me fine..absolutly fine
ham	wow. You're right! I didn't mean to do that. I guess once i gave up on boston men and changed my search location to nyc, something changed. Cuz on my signin page it still says boston.
ham	And also I've sorta blown him off a couple times recently so id rather not text him out of the blue looking for weed
ham	Ok then no need to tell me anything i am going to sleep good night
ham	A bloo bloo bloo I'll miss the first bowl
ham	Lmao but its so fun...
spam	Want to funk up ur fone with a weekly new tone reply TONES2U 2 this text. www.ringtones.co.uk, the original n best. Tones 3GBP network operator rates apply
ham	He like not v shock leh. Cos telling shuhui is like telling leona also. Like dat almost all know liao. He got ask me abt ur reaction lor.
ham	Probably not, I'm almost out of gas and I get some cash tomorrow
ham	No de. But call me after some time. Ill tell you k
ham	Hey doc pls I want to get nice t shirt for my hubby nice fiting ones my budget is  &lt;#&gt; k help pls I will load d card abi hw,keep me posted luv. 2 mj
ham	Prakesh is there know.
spam	Hi this is Amy, we will be sending you a free phone number in a couple of days, which will give you an access to all the adult parties...
ham	Yeah, where's your class at?
ham	Hi babe its me thanks for coming even though it didnt go that well!i just wanted my bed! Hope to see you soon love and kisses xxx
ham	Plz note: if anyone calling from a mobile Co. &amp; asks u to type # &lt;#&gt;  or # &lt;#&gt; . Do not do so. Disconnect the call,coz it iz an attempt of 'terrorist' to make use of the sim card no. Itz confirmd by nokia n motorola n has been verified by CNN IBN.
ham	East coast
ham	Compliments to you. Was away from the system. How your side.
ham	Just forced myself to eat a slice. I'm really not hungry tho. This sucks. Mark is getting worried. He knows I'm sick when I turn down pizza. Lol
ham	\GRAN ONLYFOUND OUT AFEW DAYS AGO.CUSOON HONI\""
ham	Onum ela pa. Normal than.
ham	My sister got placed in birla soft da:-)
ham	Have you been practising your curtsey?
ham	Not sure I have the stomach for it ...
ham	Anything lar then Ì_ not going home 4 dinner?
ham	Guess who spent all last night phasing in and out of the fourth dimension
ham	I'm still looking for a car to buy. And have not gone 4the driving test yet.
ham	No plans yet. What are you doing ?
spam	You have 1 new message. Please call 08712400200.
ham	K... Must book a not huh? so going for yoga basic on sunday?
ham	I dunno until when... Lets go learn pilates...
ham	Just buy a pizza. Meat lovers or supreme. U get to pick.
ham	So now my dad is gonna call after he gets out of work and ask all these crazy questions.
ham	Its sarcasm.. .nt scarcasim
spam	Santa Calling! Would your little ones like a call from Santa Xmas eve? Call 09058094583 to book your time.
ham	All done? All handed in? Celebrations in full swing yet?
ham	Its so common hearin How r u? Wat r u doing? How was ur day? So let me ask u something different. Did u smile today? If not, do it now.... Gud evng.
ham	Thats cool. How was your day?
spam	Guess what! Somebody you know secretly fancies you! Wanna find out who it is? Give us a call on 09065394973 from Landline DATEBox1282EssexCM61XN 150p/min 18
ham	Mmm so yummy babe ... Nice jolt to the suzy
ham	Ok... Sweet dreams...
ham	Are you this much buzy
spam	accordingly. I repeat, just text the word ok on your mobile phone and send
spam	XXXMobileMovieClub: To use your credit, click the WAP link in the next txt message or click here>> http://wap. xxxmobilemovieclub.com?n=QJKGIGHJJGCBL
ham	Do you hide anythiing or keeping distance from me
ham	Sir, waiting for your letter.
ham	Mm feeling sleepy. today itself i shall get that dear
ham	We walked from my moms. Right on stagwood pass right on winterstone left on victors hill. Address is &lt;#&gt;
ham	I can do that! I want to please you both inside and outside the bedroom...
ham	Where are you lover ? I need you ...
ham	on hen night. Going with a swing
ham	Haha, just what I was thinkin
ham	Aight, lemme know what's up
ham	Can you do a mag meeting this avo at some point?
ham	I like to talk pa but am not able to. I dont know y.
ham	Hello baby, did you get back to your mom's ? Are you setting up the computer now ? Filling your belly ? How goes it loverboy ? I miss you already ... *sighs*
ham	Hi hope u r both ok, he said he would text and he hasn't, have u seen him, let me down gently please 
ham	No problem. How are you doing?
ham	Ok...
ham	Yup but not studying surfing lor. I'm in e lazy mode today.
ham	Are you there in room.
ham	To day class is there are no class.
ham	No we put party 7 days a week and study lightly, I think we need to draw in some custom checkboxes so they know we're hardcore
ham	Ok then i'll let him noe later n ask him call u tmr...
ham	God picked up a flower and dippeditinaDEW, lovingly touched itwhichturnedinto u, and the he gifted tomeandsaid,THIS FRIEND IS 4U
ham	Theyre doing it to lots of places. Only hospitals and medical places are safe.
ham	Hmmm.but you should give it on one day..
ham	I remain unconvinced that this isn't an elaborate test of my willpower
ham	Hello darlin ive finished college now so txt me when u finish if u can love Kate xxx
ham	Mostly sports type..lyk footbl,crckt..
ham	Auntie huai juan never pick up her phone
ham	will you like to be spoiled? :)
ham	Mm yes dear look how i am hugging you both. :-P
ham	Good morning princess! How are you?
ham	Same, I'm at my great aunts anniversary party in tarpon springs
ham	I feel like a dick because I keep sleeping through your texts and facebook messages. Sup, you in town?
spam	Get 3 Lions England tone, reply lionm 4 mono or lionp 4 poly. 4 more go 2 www.ringtones.co.uk, the original n best. Tones 3GBP network operator rates apply
ham	Honey, can you pls find out how much they sell Predicte in Nigeria. And how many times can it be used. Its very important to have a reply before monday
ham	No:-)i got rumour that you going to buy apartment in chennai:-)
ham	Aiyah u did ok already lar. E nydc at wheellock?
ham	I'm stuck in da middle of da row on da right hand side of da lt... 
ham	Evry Emotion dsn't hav Words.Evry Wish dsn't hav Prayrs.. If u Smile,D World is wit u.Othrwise even d Drop of Tear dsn't lik 2 Stay wit u.So b happy.. Good morning, keep smiling:-)
ham	I wonder if you'll get this text?
ham	Pls give her prometazine syrup. 5mls then  &lt;#&gt; mins later feed.
ham	Thanx 4 sending me home...
ham	Not a drop in the tank
spam	Had your mobile 11mths ? Update for FREE to Oranges latest colour camera mobiles & unlimited weekend calls. Call Mobile Upd8 on freefone 08000839402 or 2StopTxt
ham	Go chase after her and run her over while she's crossing the street
ham	Wow. I never realized that you were so embarassed by your accomodations. I thought you liked it, since i was doing the best i could and you always seemed so happy about \the cave\". I'm sorry I didn't and don't have more to give. I'm sorry i offered. I'm sorry your room was so embarassing."
ham	Dude avatar 3d was imp. At one point i thought there were actually flies in the room and almost tried hittng one as a reflex
ham	Then we gotta do it after that
ham	There bold 2  &lt;#&gt; . Is that yours
ham	K.k.this month kotees birthday know?
ham	Hi:)did you asked to waheeda fathima about leave?
spam	Cashbin.co.uk (Get lots of cash this weekend!) www.cashbin.co.uk Dear Welcome to the weekend We have got our biggest and best EVER cash give away!! These..
ham	Detroit. The home of snow. Enjoy it.
spam	FREE UNLIMITED HARDCORE PORN direct 2 your mobile Txt PORN to 69200 & get FREE access for 24 hrs then chrgd@50p per day txt Stop 2exit. This msg is free
ham	I will send them to your email. Do you mind  &lt;#&gt;  times per night?
ham	Yes i thought so. Thanks.
ham	I asked you to call him now ok
ham	Don't look back at the building because you have no coat and i don't want you to get more sick. Just hurry home and wear a coat to the gym!!!
ham	Dude while were makin those weirdy brownies my sister made awesome cookies. I took pics.
ham	Probably gonna be here for a while, see you later tonight &lt;)
ham	I ain't answerin no phone at what is actually a pretty reasonable hour but I'm sleepy
ham	Aight, we'll head out in a few
ham	Kindly send some one to our flat before  &lt;DECIMAL&gt;  today.
ham	Anything lar...
ham	Why did I wake up on my own &gt;:(
spam	URGENT. Important information for 02 user. Today is your lucky day! 2 find out why , log onto http://www.urawinner.com there is a fantastic surprise awaiting you !
ham	Be sure to check your yahoo email. We sent photos yesterday
spam	Bored housewives! Chat n date now! 0871750.77.11! BT-national rate 10p/min only from landlines!
ham	Send me the new number
ham	Pick you up bout 7.30ish? What time are  and that going?
ham	Ooooooh I forgot to tell u I can get on yoville on my phone
ham	Finish already... Yar they keep saying i mushy... I so embarrassed ok...
ham	S s..first time..dhoni rocks...
ham	Happy birthday... May u find ur prince charming soon n dun work too hard...
ham	Ya:)going for restaurant..
ham	Why she wants to talk to me
ham	Now press conference da:)
ham	Mathews or tait or edwards or anderson
spam	URGENT! We are trying to contact U. Todays draw shows that you have won a å£800 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09050003091 from land line. Claim C52. Valid12hrs only
ham	Aiyar dun disturb u liao... Thk u have lots 2 do aft ur cupboard come...
ham	Miles and smiles r made frm same letters but do u know d difference..? smile on ur face keeps me happy even though I am miles away from u.. :-)keep smiling.. Good nyt
ham	Hello boytoy ! Geeee ... I'm missing you today. I like to send you a tm and remind you I'm thinking of you ... And you are loved ... *loving kiss*
ham	Yes but can we meet in town cos will go to gep and then home. You could text at bus stop. And don't worry we'll have finished by march ‰Û_ ish!
ham	Did u see what I posted on your Facebook?
spam	YOU VE WON! Your 4* Costa Del Sol Holiday or å£5000 await collection. Call 09050090044 Now toClaim. SAE, TC s, POBox334, Stockport, SK38xh, Costå£1.50/pm, Max10mins
spam	U can WIN å£100 of Music Gift Vouchers every week starting NOW Txt the word DRAW to 87066 TsCs www.ldew.com SkillGame,1Winaweek, age16.150ppermessSubscription
ham	It's ok lar. U sleep early too... Nite...
ham	I shall book chez jules for half eight, if that's ok with you?
ham	Ok... C ya...
ham	Just sleeping..and surfing
ham	Where u been hiding stranger?
ham	The search 4 happiness is 1 of d main sources of unhappiness! Accept life the way it comes! U will find happiness in every moment u live.
ham	Our Prasanth ettans mother passed away last night. Just pray for her and family.
ham	Tomarrow final hearing on my laptop case so i cant.
ham	Can meh? Thgt some will clash... Really ah, i dun mind... I dun seen to have lost any weight... Gee...
ham	Are you willing to go for aptitude class.
ham	I AM AT A PARTY WITH ALEX NICHOLS
ham	Ok. C u then.
ham	Living is very simple.. Loving is also simple.. Laughing is too simple.. Winning is tooo simple.. But, Being 'SIMPLE' is very difficult...;-) :-)
ham	Doing project w frens lor. 
spam	You are a winner you have been specially selected to receive å£1000 cash or a å£2000 award. Speak to a live operator to claim call 087123002209am-7pm. Cost 10p
ham	Din i tell u jus now 420
ham	Eh den sat u book e kb liao huh...
ham	Does daddy have a bb now.
ham	Any pain on urination any thing else?
ham	NO GIFTS!! You trying to get me to throw myself off a cliff or something?
ham	Awesome, lemme know whenever you're around
ham	Ugh y can't u just apologize, admit u were wrong and ask me to take u back?
ham	Cos daddy arranging time c wat time fetch Ì_ mah...
ham	Can you plz tell me the ans. BSLVYL sent via fullonsms.com
ham	IM REALY SOZ IMAT MY MUMS 2NITE WHAT ABOUT 2MORO 
ham	Hey r Ì_ still online? I've finished the formatting...
ham	Leaving to qatar tonite in search of an opportunity.all went fast.pls add me in ur prayers dear.Rakhesh
ham	Ok
ham	Gud ni8.swt drms.take care
ham	Well the general price is  &lt;#&gt; /oz, let me know if/when/how much you want
ham	Your account has been refilled successfully by INR  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; . Your KeralaCircle prepaid account balance is Rs  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; . Your Transaction ID is KR &lt;#&gt; .
ham	I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
ham	Uh, heads up we don't have THAT much left
ham	Thanx 4 the time weåÕve spent 2geva, its bin mint! Ur my Baby and all I want is u!xxxx
ham	Prabha..i'm soryda..realy..frm heart i'm sory
ham	K..k...from tomorrow onwards started ah?
ham	No need to buy lunch for me.. I eat maggi mee..
ham	I'm freezing and craving ice. Fml
ham	Oh. U must have taken your REAL Valentine out shopping first.
ham	Speaking of does he have any cash yet?
ham	Yup i'm free...
ham	Thats cool! Sometimes slow and gentle. Sonetimes rough and hard :)
ham	Aight, I should be there by 8 at the latest, probably closer to 7. Are jay and tyler down or should we just do two trips?
ham	No objection. My bf not coming.
spam	FREE for 1st week! No1 Nokia tone 4 ur mob every week just txt NOKIA to 8007 Get txting and tell ur mates www.getzed.co.uk POBox 36504 W45WQ norm150p/tone 16+
ham	We're done...
spam	For ur chance to win a å£250 cash every wk TXT: ACTION to 80608. T's&C's www.movietrivia.tv custcare 08712405022, 1x150p/wk
ham	Sometimes Heart Remembrs someone Very much... Forgets someone soon... Bcoz Heart will not like everyone. But liked ones will be Remembered Everytime... BSLVYL
ham	Just so that you know,yetunde hasn't sent money yet. I just sent her a text not to bother sending. So its over, you dont have to involve yourself in anything. I shouldn't have imposed anything on you in the first place so for that, i apologise.
ham	I'll probably be around mu a lot
ham	Mah b, I'll pick it up tomorrow
ham	MAKE SURE ALEX KNOWS HIS BIRTHDAY IS OVER IN FIFTEEN MINUTES AS FAR AS YOU'RE CONCERNED
ham	I noe la... U wana pei bf oso rite... K lor, other days den...
ham	I love ya too but try and budget your money better babe. Gary would freak on me if he knew
ham	Don't necessarily expect it to be done before you get back though because I'm just now headin out
ham	Oh, then your phone phoned me but it disconnected
ham	Ok i also wan 2 watch e 9 pm show...
ham	HI BABE IM AT HOME NOW WANNA DO SOMETHING? XX
ham	I'll see, but prolly yeah
ham	Great. Hope you are using your connections from mode men also cos you can never know why old friends can lead you to today
ham	Are you this much buzy
ham	Raji..pls do me a favour. Pls convey my Birthday wishes to Nimya. Pls. Today is her birthday.
ham	Love it! Daddy will make you scream with pleasure! I am going to slap your ass with my dick!
ham	True lov n care wil nevr go unrecognized. though somone often makes mistakes when valuing it. but they will definitly undrstnd once when they start missing it.
ham	Dont know supports ass and srt i thnk. I think ps3 can play through usb too
ham	Already one guy loving you:-.
ham	Yeah hopefully, if tyler can't do it I could maybe ask around a bit
ham	Convey my regards to him
ham	Thank You for calling.Forgot to say Happy Onam to you Sirji.I am fine here and remembered you when i met an insurance person.Meet You in Qatar Insha Allah.Rakhesh, ex Tata AIG who joined TISSCO,Tayseer.
ham	Ugh. Gotta drive back to sd from la. My butt is sore.
ham	Why de. You looking good only:-)..
ham	Alrite jod hows the revision goin? Keris bin doin a smidgin. N e way u wanna cum over after college?xx
ham	Me hungry buy some food good lei... But mum n yun dun wan juz buy a little bit... 
ham	Oh :-)only 4 outside players allowed to play know
ham	Got ur mail Dileep.thank you so muchand look forward to lots of support...very less contacts here,remember one venugopal you mentioned.tomorrow if not late,i shall try to come up till there.goodnight dear.
ham	Lil fever:) now fine:)
ham	Im done. Just studyn in library
ham	Awesome, I'll see you in a bit
ham	yeah, that's what I was thinking
ham	Hey mr whats the name of that bill brison book the one about language and words 
ham	You still around? Looking to pick up later
spam	2/2 146tf150p
ham	I want to be inside you every night...
ham	You got called a tool?
ham	Message:some text missing* Sender:Name Missing* *Number Missing *Sent:Date missing *Missing U a lot thats y everything is missing sent via fullonsms.com
spam	You'll not rcv any more msgs from the chat svc. For FREE Hardcore services text GO to: 69988 If u get nothing u must Age Verify with yr network & try again
ham	Hello. They are going to the village pub at 8 so either come here or there accordingly. Ok?
ham	Are you angry with me. What happen dear
ham	Hi Chikku, send some nice msgs
ham	Only 2% students solved this CAT question in 'xam... 5+3+2= &lt;#&gt;  9+2+4= &lt;#&gt;  8+6+3= &lt;#&gt;  then 7+2+5=????? Tell me the answer if u r brilliant...1thing.i got d answr.
spam	1000's flirting NOW! Txt GIRL or BLOKE & ur NAME & AGE, eg GIRL ZOE 18 to 8007 to join and get chatting!
ham	But i'll b going 2 sch on mon. My sis need 2 take smth.
ham	Oh, the grand is having a bit of a party but it doesn't mention any cover charge so it's probably first come first served
ham	Watching ajith film ah?
ham	The house is on the water with a dock, a boat rolled up with a newscaster who dabbles in jazz flute behind the wheel
ham	I have 2 sleeping bags, 1 blanket and paper and  phone details. Anything else?
ham	Every monday..nxt week vl be completing..
ham	Wat uniform? In where get?
spam	URGENT! Your Mobile No 07808726822 was awarded a å£2,000 Bonus Caller Prize on 02/09/03! This is our 2nd attempt to contact YOU! Call 0871-872-9758 BOX95QU
ham	Oh is it! Which brand?
ham	Wait.i will come out.. &lt;#&gt;  min:)
ham	Enjoy the showers of possessiveness poured on u by ur loved ones, bcoz in this world of lies, it is a golden gift to be loved truly..
ham	How are you doing. How's the queen. Are you going for the royal wedding
ham	R u saying i should re order the slippers cos i had to pay for returning it.
ham	Its  &lt;#&gt; k here oh. Should i send home for sale.
ham	Sorry,in meeting I'll call later
ham	Alex knows a guy who sells mids but he's down in south tampa and I don't think I could set it up before like 8
ham	Eat jap done oso aft ur lect wat... ÌÏ got lect at 12 rite... 
ham	Horrible bf... I now v hungry...
ham	Miss call miss call khelate kintu opponenter miss call dhorte lage. Thats d rule. One with great phone receiving quality wins.
ham	Carlos'll be here in a minute if you still need to buy
ham	Oh ic. I thought you meant mary jane.
ham	Ard 530 lor. I ok then message Ì_ lor.
spam	For ur chance to win a å£250 wkly shopping spree TXT: SHOP to 80878. T's&C's www.txt-2-shop.com custcare 08715705022, 1x150p/wk
ham	Awesome question with a cute answer: Someone asked a boy \how is ur life?\" . . He smiled &amp; answered: . . \"She is fine!\" Gudnite"
ham	Haha... Hope Ì_ can hear the receipt sound... Gd luck!
ham	Thanks for yesterday sir. You have been wonderful. Hope you enjoyed the burial. MojiBiola
ham	Yar i wanted 2 scold u yest but late already... I where got zhong se qing you? If u ask me b4 he ask me then i'll go out w u all lor. N u still can act so real.
ham	Hi dear we saw dear. We both are happy. Where you my battery is low
ham	Did u receive my msg?
spam	U 447801259231 have a secret admirer who is looking 2 make contact with U-find out who they R*reveal who thinks UR so special-call on 09058094597
ham	Bbq this sat at mine from 6ish. Ur welcome 2 come
ham	No go. No openings for that room 'til after thanksgiving without an upcharge.
ham	Can a not?
spam	URGENT! We are trying to contact you. Last weekends draw shows that you have won a å£900 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09061701851. Claim code K61. Valid 12hours only
ham	K.i will send in  &lt;#&gt;  min:)
ham	I am not having her number sir
ham	The bus leaves at  &lt;#&gt; 
ham	Somewhr someone is surely made 4 u. And God has decided a perfect time to make u meet dat person. . . . till den, . . . . . Enjoy ur crushes..!!!;-)
ham	Lara said she can loan me  &lt;#&gt; .
ham	Hmph. Go head, big baller.
ham	Cool, text me when you're ready
ham	Dear relieved of westonzoyland, all going to plan this end too!
ham	Done it but internet connection v slow and can‰Û÷t send it. Will try again later or first thing tomo.
ham	Lol grr my mom is taking forever with my prescription. Pharmacy is like 2 minutes away. Ugh.
ham	My fri ah... Okie lor,goin 4 my drivin den go shoppin after tt...
ham	Mom wants to know where you at
ham	On ma way to school. Can you pls send me ashley's number
ham	Beautiful Truth against Gravity.. Read carefully: \Our heart feels light when someone is in it.. But it feels very heavy when someone leaves it..\" GOOD NIGHT"
ham	Why do you ask princess?
ham	I would but I'm still cozy. And exhausted from last night.nobody went to school or work. Everything is closed.
ham	Carlos is taking his sweet time as usual so let me know when you and patty are done/want to smoke and I'll tell him to haul ass
ham	Nope, I'm still in the market
spam	Someone U know has asked our dating service 2 contact you! Cant Guess who? CALL 09058091854 NOW all will be revealed. PO BOX385 M6 6WU
ham	So when you gonna get rimac access 
spam	WELL DONE! Your 4* Costa Del Sol Holiday or å£5000 await collection. Call 09050090044 Now toClaim. SAE, TCs, POBox334, Stockport, SK38xh, Costå£1.50/pm, Max10mins
ham	I've got  &lt;#&gt; , any way I could pick up?
ham	Lol yes. But it will add some spice to your day.
spam	As a Registered Subscriber yr draw 4 a å£100 gift voucher will b entered on receipt of a correct ans. When are the next olympics. Txt ans to 80062
ham	Die... I accidentally deleted e msg i suppose 2 put in e sim archive. Haiz... I so sad...
ham	They released vday shirts and when u put it on it makes your bottom half naked instead of those white underwear.
ham	You do what all you like
ham	Have a safe trip to Nigeria. Wish you happiness and very soon company to share moments with
ham	I can't, I don't have her number!
ham	Abeg, make profit. But its a start. Are you using it to get sponsors for the next event?
ham	Keep yourself safe for me because I need you and I miss you already and I envy everyone that see's you in real life
ham	Welp apparently he retired
ham	I was just callin to say hi. Take care bruv!
ham	Hi. Happy New Year. I dont mean to intrude but can you pls let me know how much tuition you paid last semester and how much this semester is. Thanks
spam	Promotion Number: 8714714 - UR awarded a City Break and could WIN a å£200 Summer Shopping spree every WK. Txt STORE to 88039 . SkilGme. TsCs087147403231Winawk!Age16 å£1.50perWKsub
spam	Dear Subscriber ur draw 4 å£100 gift voucher will b entered on receipt of a correct ans. When was Elvis Presleys Birthday? TXT answer to 80062
spam	**FREE MESSAGE**Thanks for using the Auction Subscription Service. 18 . 150p/MSGRCVD 2 Skip an Auction txt OUT. 2 Unsubscribe txt STOP CustomerCare 08718726270
ham	Ok.ok ok..then..whats ur todays plan
ham	Lol no ouch but wish i'd stayed out a bit longer
spam	Ever thought about living a good life with a perfect partner? Just txt back NAME and AGE to join the mobile community. (100p/SMS)
ham	I will come tomorrow di
ham	Re your call; You didn't see my facebook huh?
spam	Double Mins & Double Txt & 1/2 price Linerental on Latest Orange Bluetooth mobiles. Call MobileUpd8 for the very latest offers. 08000839402 or call2optout/LF56
ham	Ladies first and genus second k .
ham	Lol its ok I didn't remember til last nite
ham	Yun buying... But school got offer 2000 plus only...
spam	You have WON a guaranteed å£1000 cash or a å£2000 prize. To claim yr prize call our customer service representative on 08714712412 between 10am-7pm Cost 10p
ham	Depends on where u going lor.
ham	Yup i'm elaborating on the safety aspects and some other issues..
ham	aight we can pick some up, you open before tonight?
ham	Just hopeing that wasn‰Û÷t too pissed up to remember and has gone off to his sisters or something!
ham	Ill call you evening ill some ideas.
ham	When I was born, GOD said, \Oh No! Another IDIOT\". When you were born
ham	Reading gud habit.. Nan bari hudgi yorge pataistha ertini kano:-)
spam	XMAS Prize draws! We are trying to contact U. Todays draw shows that you have won a å£2000 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09058094565 from land line. Valid 12hrs only
ham	I anything lor...
ham	Call him and say you not coming today ok and tell them not to fool me like this ok
spam	Dear U've been invited to XCHAT. This is our final attempt to contact u! Txt CHAT to 86688
ham	Feb  &lt;#&gt;  is \I LOVE U\" day. Send dis to all ur \"VALUED FRNDS\" evn me. If 3 comes back u'll gt married d person u luv! If u ignore dis u will lose ur luv 4 Evr"
ham	I‰Û÷m parked next to a MINI!!!! When are you coming in today do you think?
ham	Mmmmmmm *snuggles into you* ...*deep contented sigh* ... *whispers* ... I fucking love you so much I can barely stand it ...
ham	That seems unnecessarily affectionate
ham	Happy new year. Hope you are having a good semester
ham	We're finally ready fyi
ham	Hiya, had a good day? Have you spoken to since the weekend?
ham	Hi its in durban are you still on this number
ham	Kent vale lor... ÌÏ wait 4 me there ar?
ham	Are you planning to come chennai?
ham	Call me when u finish then i come n pick u.
ham	My uncles in Atlanta. Wish you guys a great semester.
ham	Aiyo... U always c our ex one... I dunno abt mei, she haven reply... First time u reply so fast... Y so lucky not workin huh, got bao by ur sugardad ah...gee.. 
ham	Hmmm.. Thk sure got time to hop ard... Ya, can go 4 free abt... Muz call u to discuss liao... 
ham	I'll meet you in the lobby
ham	Are you staying in town ?
ham	I'm in school now n i'll be in da lab doing some stuff give me a call when Ì_ r done.
ham	have * good weekend.
ham	No da. . Vijay going to talk in jaya tv
ham	Babe, I'm answering you, can't you see me ? Maybe you'd better reboot YM ... I got the photo ... It's great !
ham	What's the significance?
ham	He said i look pretty wif long hair wat. But i thk he's cutting quite short 4 me leh.
ham	Today is ACCEPT DAY..U Accept me as? Brother Sister Lover Dear1 Best1 Clos1 Lvblefrnd Jstfrnd Cutefrnd Lifpartnr Belovd Swtheart Bstfrnd No rply means enemy
ham	Small problem in auction:)punj now asking tiwary
ham	4 oclock at mine. Just to bash out a flat plan.
ham	Xy trying smth now. U eat already? We havent...
ham	You aren't coming home between class, right? I need to work out and shower!
ham	Hiya. How was last night? I've been naughty and bought myself clothes and very little ... Ready for more shopping tho! What kind of time do you wanna meet?
ham	I can make lasagna for you... vodka...
ham	Got meh... When?
spam	Fantasy Football is back on your TV. Go to Sky Gamestar on Sky Active and play å£250k Dream Team. Scoring starts on Saturday, so register now!SKY OPT OUT to 88088
ham	Really dun bluff me leh... U sleep early too. Nite...
ham	Also sir, i sent you an email about how to log into the usc payment portal. I.ll send you another message that should explain how things are back home. Have a great weekend.
ham	Babe ? I lost you ... Will you try rebooting ?
ham	How many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop?
ham	And of course you should make a stink!
ham	Hi.what you think about match?
ham	How much i gave to you. Morning.
ham	From tomorrow onwards eve 6 to 3 work.
ham	&lt;#&gt; %of pple marry with their lovers... becz they hav gud undrstndng dat avoids problems. i sent dis 2 u, u wil get gud news on friday by d person you like. And tomorrow will be the best day of your life. Dont break this chain. If you break you will suffer. send this to  &lt;#&gt;  frnds in &lt;#&gt;  mins whn u read...
ham	Appt is at &lt;TIME&gt; am. Not my fault u don't listen. I told u twice
spam	England v Macedonia - dont miss the goals/team news. Txt ur national team to 87077 eg ENGLAND to 87077 Try:WALES, SCOTLAND 4txt/Ì¼1.20 POBOXox36504W45WQ 16+
ham	Yes... I trust u to buy new stuff ASAP so I can try it out
ham	The word \Checkmate\" in chess comes from the Persian phrase \"Shah Maat\" which means; \"the king is dead..\" Goodmorning.. Have a good day..:)"
ham	Well good morning mr . Hows london treatin' ya treacle?
ham	Have you got Xmas radio times. If not i will get it now
ham	No dude, its not fake..my frnds got money, thts y i'm reffering u..if u member wit my mail link, u vl be credited  &lt;#&gt; rs and il be getiing  &lt;#&gt; rs..i can draw my acc wen it is  &lt;#&gt; rs..
ham	Rofl. Its true to its name
spam	Ur ringtone service has changed! 25 Free credits! Go to club4mobiles.com to choose content now! Stop? txt CLUB STOP to 87070. 150p/wk Club4 PO Box1146 MK45 2WT
spam	18 days to Euro2004 kickoff! U will be kept informed of all the latest news and results daily. Unsubscribe send GET EURO STOP to 83222.
ham	TaKe CaRE n gET WeLL sOOn
ham	Was gr8 to see that message. So when r u leaving? Congrats dear. What school and wat r ur plans.
ham	Ok going to sleep. Hope i can meet her.
ham	Yes but I don't care cause I know its there!
ham	Yup... Ok i go home look at the timings then i msg Ì_ again... Xuhui going to learn on 2nd may too but her lesson is at 8am
ham	Wat makes some people dearer is not just de happiness dat u feel when u meet them but de pain u feel when u miss dem!!!
ham	Captain vijaykanth is doing comedy in captain tv..he is drunken :)
ham	Only once then after ill obey all yours.
ham	That's fine, have him give me a call if he knows what he wants or has any questions
ham	What was she looking for?
ham	Ha... Both of us doing e same thing. But i got tv 2 watch. U can thk of where 2 go tonight or u already haf smth in mind...
ham	Hmmm ... I thought we said 2 hours slave, not 3 ... You are late ... How should I punish you ?
spam	PRIVATE! Your 2003 Account Statement for 07753741225 shows 800 un-redeemed S. I. M. points. Call 08715203677 Identifier Code: 42478 Expires 24/10/04
ham	\HELLO U.CALL WEN U FINISH WRK.I FANCY MEETIN UP WIV U ALL TONITE AS I NEED A BREAK FROM DABOOKS. DID 4 HRS LAST NITE+2 TODAY OF WRK!\""
ham	Who's there say hi to our drugdealer
ham	Yup. Anything lor, if u dun wan it's ok...
ham	Ok...
ham	I tot u reach liao. He said t-shirt.
ham	If e timing can, then i go w u lor...
ham	There's no point hangin on to mr not right if he's not makin u happy
ham	IåÕm cool ta luv but v.tired 2 cause i have been doin loads of planning all wk, we have got our social services inspection at the nursery! Take care & spk sn x.
ham	I doubt you could handle 5 times per night in any case...
ham	That's good. Lets thank God. Please complete the drug. Have lots of water. And have a beautiful day.
ham	Cheers for the card ... Is it that time of year already?
spam	Sunshine Quiz Wkly Q! Win a top Sony DVD player if u know which country the Algarve is in? Txt ansr to 82277. å£1.50 SP:Tyrone
ham	My trip was ok but quite tiring lor. Uni starts today but it's ok 4 me cos i'm not taking any modules but jus concentrating on my final yr project.
ham	Lol I was gonna last month. I cashed some in but I left &lt;#&gt; just in case. I was collecting more during the week cause they announced it on the blog.
ham	Night has ended for another day, morning has come in a special way. May you smile like the sunny rays and leaves your worries at the blue blue bay. Gud mrng
ham	I sent your maga that money yesterday oh.
spam	Todays Vodafone numbers ending with 4882 are selected to a receive a å£350 award. If your number matches call 09064019014 to receive your å£350 award.
ham	I need to come home and give you some good lovin...
ham	In that case I guess I'll see you at campus lodge
ham	Smile in Pleasure Smile in Pain Smile when trouble pours like Rain Smile when sum1 Hurts U Smile becoz SOMEONE still Loves to see u Smiling!!
ham	\Aww you must be nearly dead!Well Jez isComing over toDo some workAnd that whillTake forever!\""
ham	not that I know of, most people up here are still out of town
ham	Lol I have to take it. member how I said my aunt flow didn't visit for 6 months? It's cause I developed ovarian cysts. Bc is the only way to shrink them.
ham	\Speak only when you feel your words are better than the silence...\" Gud mrng:-)"
ham	Ya it came a while ago
ham	I've been searching for the right words to thank you for this breather. I promise i wont take your help for granted and will fulfil my promise. You have been wonderful and a blessing at all times.
ham	I'm on da bus going home...
ham	I probably won't eat at all today. I think I'm gonna pop. How was your weekend? Did u miss me?
ham	Hey i've booked the 2 lessons on sun liao...
ham	Fair enough, anything going on?
ham	Waaaat?? Lololo ok next time then!
ham	Havent stuck at orchard in my dad's car. Going 4 dinner now. U leh? So r they free tonight?
ham	Just gettin a bit arty with my collages at the mo, well tryin 2 ne way! Got a roast in a min lovely i shall enjoy that!
ham	K tell me anything about you.
ham	Aight, sounds good. When do you want me to come down?
ham	Once free call me sir.
ham	Okie...
ham	You said not now. No problem. When you can. Let me know.
spam	PRIVATE! Your 2003 Account Statement for 07808247860 shows 800 un-redeemed S. I. M. points. Call 08719899229 Identifier Code: 40411 Expires 06/11/04
ham	Sorry vikky, i'm Watching olave mandara movie kano in trishul theatre wit my frnds..
ham	Gud ni8 dear..slp well..take care..swt dreams..Muah..
ham	I fetch yun or u fetch?
ham	Haha... Yup hopefully  we will lose a few kg by mon. after hip hop can go orchard and weigh again
ham	Nationwide auto centre (or something like that) on Newport road. I liked them there
ham	I meant as an apology from me for texting you to get me drugs at  &lt;#&gt; at night
ham	Okie...
ham	I did. One slice and one breadstick. Lol
ham	Sorry man my account's dry or I would, if you want we could trade back half or I could buy some shit with my credit card
ham	R U &SAM P IN EACHOTHER. IF WE MEET WE CAN GO 2 MY HOUSE
spam	Someone U know has asked our dating service 2 contact you! Cant Guess who? CALL 09058091854 NOW all will be revealed. PO BOX385 M6 6WU
ham	We'll you pay over like  &lt;#&gt; yrs so its not too difficult
ham	You should change your fb to jaykwon thuglyfe falconerf
ham	2marrow only. Wed at  &lt;#&gt;  to 2 aha.
ham	Give me a sec to think think about it
ham	Infact happy new year. How are you where are you when are we seeing
ham	This pain couldn't have come at a worse time.
spam	important information 4 orange user 0789xxxxxxx. today is your lucky day!2find out why log onto http://www.urawinner.com THERE'S A FANTASTIC SURPRISE AWAITING YOU!
ham	He has lots of used ones babe, but the model doesn't help. Youi have to bring it over and he'll match it up
ham	Haha mayb u're rite... U know me well. Da feeling of being liked by someone is gd lor. U faster go find one then all gals in our group attached liao.
ham	My sister cleared two round in birla soft yesterday.
ham	I liked the new mobile
ham	Hey come online! Use msn... We are all there
spam	You have 1 new voicemail. Please call 08719181513.
ham	[‰Û_] anyway, many good evenings to u! s
ham	At 7 we will go ok na.
ham	Hi darlin im on helens fone im gonna b up the princes 2 nite please come up tb love Kate
ham	I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
ham	Pls send me a comprehensive mail about who i'm paying, when and how much.
ham	Home so we can always chat
ham	What's your room number again? Wanna make sure I'm knocking on the right door
ham	How long has it been since you screamed, princess?
ham	Yup ok thanx...
ham	Lol I would but despite these cramps I like being a girl.
ham	I'm vivek:)i got call from your number.
spam	As a registered optin subscriber ur draw 4 å£100 gift voucher will be entered on receipt of a correct ans to 80062 Whats No1 in the BBC charts
ham	Wake me up at  &lt;#&gt;  am morning:)
ham	Aight, call me once you're close
ham	Ya i knw u vl giv..its ok thanks kano..anyway enjoy wit ur family wit 1st salary..:-);-)
ham	Dont give a monkeys wot they think and i certainly don't mind. Any friend of mine&all that! Just don't sleep wiv , that wud be annoyin!
ham	What do u want when i come back?.a beautiful necklace as a token of my heart for you.thats what i will give but ONLY to MY WIFE OF MY LIKING.BE THAT AND SEE..NO ONE can give you that.dont call me.i will wait till i come.
ham	Wishing you a wonderful week.
ham	If you hear a loud scream in about &lt;#&gt; minutes its cause my Gyno will be shoving things up me that don't belong :/
ham	Nite...
ham	It's not that you make me cry. It's just that when all our stuff happens on top of everything else, it pushes me over the edge. You don't underdtand how often i cry over my sorry, sorry life.
ham	Good afternoon, my love ! Any job prospects ? Are you missing me ? What do you do ? Are you being lazy and bleak, hmmm ? Or happy and filled with my love ?
ham	Dont worry. I guess he's busy.
spam	You are being contacted by our dating service by someone you know! To find out who it is, call from a land line 09050000878. PoBox45W2TG150P
ham	Oh k.i think most of wi and nz players unsold.
ham	Whats that coming over the hill..... Is it a monster! Hope you have a great day. Things r going fine here, busy though! 
spam	Ur cash-balance is currently 500 pounds - to maximize ur cash-in now send GO to 86688 only 150p/msg. CC: 08718720201 PO BOX 114/14 TCR/W1
ham	Hi.:)technical support.providing assistance to us customer through call and email:)
spam	Welcome to Select, an O2 service with added benefits. You can now call our specially trained advisors FREE from your mobile by dialling 402.
ham	 came to look at the flat, seems ok, in his 50s? * Is away alot wiv work. Got woman coming at 6.30 too.
ham	Got it. Seventeen pounds for seven hundred ml ‰ÛÒ hope ok.
spam	Your free ringtone is waiting to be collected. Simply text the password \MIX\" to 85069 to verify. Get Usher and Britney. FML
ham	1. Tension face 2. Smiling face 3. Waste face 4. Innocent face 5.Terror face 6.Cruel face 7.Romantic face 8.Lovable face 9.decent face  &lt;#&gt; .joker face.
spam	Todays Voda numbers ending 5226 are selected to receive a ?350 award. If you hava a match please call 08712300220 quoting claim code 1131 standard rates app 
ham	Then anything special?
ham	And maybe some pressies
ham	What's up bruv, hope you had a great break. Do have a rewarding semester.
ham	Do u konw waht is rael FRIENDSHIP Im gving yuo an exmpel: Jsut ese tihs msg.. Evrey splleing of tihs msg is wrnog.. Bt sitll yuo can raed it wihtuot ayn mitsake.. GOODNIGHT &amp; HAVE A NICE SLEEP..SWEET DREAMS..
ham	When you are big..| God will bring success.
spam	Think ur smart ? Win å£200 this week in our weekly quiz, text PLAY to 85222 now!T&Cs WinnersClub PO BOX 84, M26 3UZ. 16+. GBP1.50/week
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	Lol u still feeling sick?
spam	Urgent -call 09066649731from Landline. Your complimentary 4* Ibiza Holiday or å£10,000 cash await collection SAE T&Cs PO BOX 434 SK3 8WP 150ppm 18+
ham	I can take you at like noon
ham	Just trying to figure out when I'm suppose to see a couple different people this week. We said we'd get together but I didn't set dates
ham	Chinatown got porridge, claypot rice, yam cake, fishhead beehoon... Either we eat cheap den go cafe n tok or go nydc or somethin...
ham	No dice, art class 6 thru 9 :( thanks though. Any idea what time I should come tomorrow?
ham	Thanx 4 e brownie it's v nice...
spam	Please call our customer service representative on FREEPHONE 0808 145 4742 between 9am-11pm as you have WON a guaranteed å£1000 cash or å£5000 prize!
ham	S...i will take mokka players only:)
ham	Thts wat Wright Brother did to fly..
ham	Oh! Shit, I thought that was your trip! Loooooool ... That just makes SO much more sense now ... *grins* and the sofa reference was ... The \sleep on a couch\" link you sent me ... Wasn't that how you went on your trip ? Oh ... And didn't your babe go with you for that celebration with your rents?"
ham	They r giving a second chance to rahul dengra.
ham	Text me when you get off, don't call, my phones having problems
ham	Hey!!! I almost forgot ... Happy B-day babe ! I love ya!!
ham	I'll be at mu in like  &lt;#&gt;  seconds
ham	I'm at home. Please call
ham	Haha awesome, I've been to 4u a couple times. Who all's coming?
ham	But i dint slept in afternoon.
ham	Is it your yahoo boys that bring in the perf? Or legal.
ham	Yes ammae....life takes lot of turns you can only sit and try to hold the steering...
ham	Guai... ÌÏ shd haf seen him when he's naughty... ÌÏ so free today? Can go jogging...
ham	Teach me apps da. When you come to college.
ham	Hey you gave them your photo when you registered for driving ah? Tmr wanna meet at yck? 
ham	(No promises on when though, haven't even gotten dinner yet)
ham	But i'm really really broke oh. No amount is too small even  &lt;#&gt; 
spam	We know someone who you know that fancies you. Call 09058097218 to find out who. POBox 6, LS15HB 150p
ham	Any way where are you and what doing.
ham	ok....take care.umma to you too...
ham	Hey what's up charles sorry about the late reply.
spam	Free tones Hope you enjoyed your new content. text stop to 61610 to unsubscribe. help:08712400602450p Provided by tones2you.co.uk
spam	Congrats 2 mobile 3G Videophones R yours. call 09063458130 now! videochat wid ur mates, play java games, Dload polypH music, noline rentl. bx420. ip4. 5we. 150p
ham	Its posible dnt live in  &lt;#&gt; century cm frwd n thnk different
ham	No no. I will check all rooms befor activities
ham	Are you available for soiree on June 3rd?
ham	Happy New year my dear brother. I really do miss you. Just got your number and decided to send you this text wishing you only happiness. Abiola
ham	Yo my trip got postponed, you still stocked up?
spam	SMS. ac sun0819 posts HELLO:\You seem cool
ham	Okey dokey, i‰Û÷ll be over in a bit just sorting some stuff out.
spam	URGENT! We are trying to contact you. Last weekends draw shows that you have won a å£900 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09061701939. Claim code S89. Valid 12hrs only
spam	Enjoy the jamster videosound gold club with your credits for 2 new videosounds+2 logos+musicnews! get more fun from jamster.co.uk! 16+only Help? call: 09701213186 
ham	I wont do anything de.
spam	Your B4U voucher w/c 27/03 is MARSMS. Log onto www.B4Utele.com for discount credit. To opt out reply stop. Customer care call 08717168528
ham	Can't take any major roles in community outreach. You rock mel
ham	K, wat s tht incident?
ham	\Keep ur problems in ur heart
ham	Happy new years melody!
ham	So Ì_ pay first lar... Then when is da stock comin...
ham	Wat so late still early mah. Or we juz go 4 dinner lor. Aiya i dunno...
ham	jay says he'll put in  &lt;#&gt;
ham	Y so late but i need to go n get da laptop...
ham	I'm at work. Please call
ham	See the forwarding message for proof
ham	LOL .. *grins* .. I'm not babe, but thanks for thinking of me!
ham	Am on a train back from northampton so i'm afraid not! I'm staying skyving off today ho ho! Will be around wednesday though. Do you fancy the comedy club this week by the way?
ham	hi my darlin im on my way to London and we have just been smashed into by another driver! and have a big dent! im really missing u what have u been up to? xxx
ham	Haha good to hear, I'm officially paid and on the market for an 8th
ham	What will we do in the shower, baby?
ham	\Petey boy whereare you me and all your friendsare in theKingshead come down if you canlove Nic\""
ham	Well if I'm that desperate I'll just call armand again
ham	I can make it up there, squeezed  &lt;#&gt;  bucks out of my dad
ham	A pure hearted person can have a wonderful smile that makes even his/her enemies to feel guilty for being an enemy.. So catch the world with your smile..:) GOODMORNING &amp; HAVE A SMILEY SUNDAY..:)
ham	Many times we lose our best ones bcoz we are 
ham	Cool breeze... Bright sun... Fresh flower... Twittering birds... All these waiting to wish u: \GOODMORNING &amp; HAVE A NICE DAY\" :)"
ham	Ok... U enjoy ur shows...
ham	Hey what happen de. Are you alright.
ham	Even u dont get in trouble while convincing..just tel him once or twice and just tel neglect his msgs dont c and read it..just dont reply
ham	Open rebtel with firefox. When it loads just put plus sign in the user name place, and it will show you two numbers. The lower number is my number. Once you pick that number the pin will display okay!
ham	, im .. On the snowboarding trip. I was wondering if your planning to get everyone together befor we go..a meet and greet kind of affair? Cheers, 
ham	Nice. Wait...should you be texting right now? I'm not gonna pay your ticket, ya know!
ham	Hi' Test on  &lt;#&gt; rd ....
spam	Camera - You are awarded a SiPix Digital Camera! call 09061221066 fromm landline. Delivery within 28 days
ham	I'm in inside office..still filling forms.don know when they leave me.
ham	The wine is flowing and i'm i have nevering..
spam	SMS SERVICES. for your inclusive text credits, pls goto www.comuk.net login= ***** unsubscribe with STOP. no extra charge. help:08700469649. PO BOX420. IP4 5WE
ham	Pls tell nelson that the bb's are no longer comin. The money i was expecting aint coming
spam	Loan for any purpose å£500 - å£75,000. Homeowners + Tenants welcome. Have you been previously refused? We can still help. Call Free 0800 1956669 or text back 'help'
ham	Try to do something dear. You read something for exams
ham	Ee msg na poortiyagi odalebeku: Hanumanji 7 name 1-Hanuman 2-Bajarangabali 3-Maruti 4-Pavanaputra 5-Sankatmochan 6-Ramaduth 7-Mahaveer ee 7 name  &lt;#&gt;  janarige ivatte kalisidare next saturday olage ondu good news keluviri...! Maretare inde 1 dodda problum nalli siguviri idu matra  &lt;#&gt; % true.. Don't neglet.
ham	Would really appreciate if you call me. Just need someone to talk to.
ham	Ummmmmaah Many many happy returns of d day my dear sweet heart.. HAPPY BIRTHDAY dear
ham	Lol alright i was thinkin that too haha
spam	URGENT!! Your 4* Costa Del Sol Holiday or å£5000 await collection. Call 09050090044 Now toClaim. SAE, TC s, POBox334, Stockport, SK38xh, Costå£1.50/pm, Max10mins
ham	Hi kindly give us back our documents which we submitted for loan from STAPATI
ham	Oh yah... We never cancel leh... Haha 
ham	If i said anything wrong sorry de:-)
ham	Yeah I can still give you a ride
ham	Hey gals...U all wanna meet 4 dinner at nÌÂte? 
spam	Boltblue tones for 150p Reply POLY# or MONO# eg POLY3 1. Cha Cha Slide 2. Yeah 3. Slow Jamz 6. Toxic 8. Come With Me or STOP 4 more tones txt MORE
ham	Buzz! Hey, my Love ! I think of you and hope your day goes well. Did you sleep in ? I miss you babe. I long for the moment we are together again*loving smile*
ham	Hey what how about your project. Started aha da.
ham	Sounds great! Are you home now?
ham	\Its Ur luck to Love someone. Its Ur fortune to Love the one who Loves U. But
ham	Tick, tick, tick .... Where are you ? I could die of loneliness you know ! *pouts* *stomps feet* I need you ...
ham	Pls clarify back if an open return ticket that i have can be preponed for me to go back to kerala.
ham	Love isn't a decision, it's a feeling. If we could decide who to love, then, life would be much simpler, but then less magical
ham	ÌÏ eatin later but i'm eatin wif my frens now lei... ÌÏ going home first? 
spam	Shop till u Drop, IS IT YOU, either 10K, 5K, å£500 Cash or å£100 Travel voucher, Call now, 09064011000. NTT PO Box CR01327BT fixedline Cost 150ppm mobile vary
ham	Its ok..come to my home it vl nice to meet and v can chat..
ham	No, its true..k,Do u knw dis no. &lt;#&gt; ?
ham	It wont b until 2.15 as trying 2 sort house out, is that ok?
ham	What i mean was i left too early to check, cos i'm working a 9-6.
ham	Is xy in ur car when u picking me up?
ham	Yes.. now only saw your message..
ham	Oh did you charge camera
ham	Have a great trip to India. And bring the light to everyone not just with the project but with everyone that is lucky to see you smile. Bye. Abiola
ham	I ask if u meeting da ge tmr nite...
ham	Neither [in sterm voice] - i'm studying. All fine with me! Not sure the  thing will be resolved, tho. Anyway. Have a fab hols
ham	Shit that is really shocking and scary, cant imagine for a second. Def up for night out. Do u think there is somewhere i could crash for night, save on taxi?
ham	Babes I think I got ur brolly I left it in English wil bring it in 2mrw 4 u luv Franxx
ham	Its going good...no problem..but still need little experience to understand american customer voice...
ham	What time is ur flight tmr?
ham	Damn, poor zac doesn't stand a chance
ham	Finish liao... U?
ham	Oh you got many responsibilities.
spam	Free Msg: get Gnarls Barkleys \Crazy\" ringtone TOTALLY FREE just reply GO to this message right now!"
ham	It's wylie, you in tampa or sarasota?
ham	7 wonders in My WORLD 7th You 6th Ur style 5th Ur smile 4th Ur Personality 3rd Ur Nature 2nd Ur SMS and 1st \Ur Lovely Friendship\"... good morning dear"
ham	Oops - am at my mum's in somerset... Bit far! Back tomo, see you soon x
ham	Die... Now i have e toot fringe again...
ham	Yun ah.the ubi one say if Ì_ wan call by tomorrow.call 67441233 look for irene.ere only got bus8,22,65,61,66,382. Ubi cres,ubi tech park.6ph for 1st 5wkg days.Ì¬n
ham	Oh ! A half hour is much longer in Syria than Canada, eh ? Wow you must get SO much more work done in a day than us with all that extra time ! *grins*
ham	Wait, do you know if wesleys in town? I bet she does hella drugs!
ham	Was actually about to send you a reminder today. Have a wonderful weekend
ham	FR'NDSHIP is like a needle of a clock. Though V r in d same clock, V r nt able 2 met. Evn if V meet,itz only 4few seconds. Bt V alwys stay conected. Gud 9t;-)
ham	I'm not coming over, do whatever you want
ham	Also that chat was awesome but don't make it regular unless you can see her in person
ham	I'm in class. Did you get my text.
ham	You were supposed to wake ME up &gt;:(
ham	&lt;#&gt;  am I think? Should say on syllabus
ham	I met you as a stranger and choose you as my friend. As long as the world stands, our friendship never ends. Lets be Friends forever!!! Gud nitz...
spam	We have new local dates in your area - Lots of new people registered in YOUR AREA. Reply DATE to start now! 18 only www.flirtparty.us REPLYS150
ham	That's my honeymoon outfit. :)
ham	Oh k.k..where did you take test?
ham	thanks for the temales it was wonderful. Thank. Have a great week.
ham	Under the sea, there lays a rock. In the rock, there is an envelope. In the envelope, there is a paper. On the paper, there are 3 words... '
ham	Good evening! this is roger. How are you?
ham	There are no other charges after transfer charges and you can withdraw anyhow you like
ham	Yar but they say got some error.
ham	Eh sorry leh... I din c ur msg. Not sad already lar. Me watching tv now. U still in office?
ham	The Xmas story is peace.. The Xmas msg is love.. The Xmas miracle is jesus.. Hav a blessed month ahead &amp; wish U Merry Xmas...
ham	No other Valentines huh? The proof is on your fb page. Ugh I'm so glad I really DIDN'T watch your rupaul show you TOOL!
spam	YOU VE WON! Your 4* Costa Del Sol Holiday or å£5000 await collection. Call 09050090044 Now toClaim. SAE, TC s, POBox334, Stockport, SK38xh, Costå£1.50/pm, Max10mins
ham	PLEASSSSSSSEEEEEE TEL ME V AVENT DONE SPORTSx
ham	That's cause your old. I live to be high.
spam	You will recieve your tone within the next 24hrs. For Terms and conditions please see Channel U Teletext Pg 750
ham	No he didn't. Spring is coming early yay!
ham	Then she dun believe wat?
ham	Why is that, princess? I bet the brothas are all chasing you!
ham	You're gonna have to be way more specific than that
ham	I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
ham	Hi juan. Im coming home on fri hey. Of course i expect a welcome party and lots of presents. Ill phone u when i get back. Loads of love nicky x x x x x x x x x
ham	Playin space poker, u?
ham	Ok no prob...
ham	Hey... What time is your driving on fri? We go for evaluation on fri?
spam	Shop till u Drop, IS IT YOU, either 10K, 5K, å£500 Cash or å£100 Travel voucher, Call now, 09064011000. NTT PO Box CR01327BT fixedline Cost 150ppm mobile vary
ham	Nice talking to you! please dont forget my pix :) i want to see all of you...
ham	For The First Time In The History 'Need' 'Comfort' And 'Luxury' Are Sold At Same Price In India..!! Onion-Rs. &lt;#&gt;  Petrol-Rs. &lt;#&gt;  Beer-Rs. &lt;#&gt;  SHESIL  &lt;#&gt;
ham	Hasn't that been the pattern recently crap weekends?
ham	Who were those people ? Were you in a tour ? I thought you were doing that sofa thing you sent me ? Your curious sugar
ham	It‰Û÷s reassuring, in this crazy world.
ham	\AH POOR BABY!HOPE URFEELING BETTERSN LUV! PROBTHAT OVERDOSE OF WORK HEY GO CAREFUL SPK 2 U SN LOTS OF LOVEJEN XXX.\""
ham	Rose for red,red for blood,blood for heart,heart for u. But u for me.... Send tis to all ur friends.. Including me.. If u like me.. If u get back, 1-u r poor in relation! 2-u need some 1 to support 3-u r frnd 2 many 4-some1 luvs u 5+- some1 is praying god to marry u.:-) try it....
ham	Another month. I need chocolate weed and alcohol.
spam	Get a FREE mobile video player FREE movie. To collect text GO to 89105. Its free! Extra films can be ordered t's and c's apply. 18 yrs only
ham	No. To be nosy I guess. Idk am I over reacting if I'm freaked?
ham	Ok lor...
ham	Some friends want me to drive em someplace, probably take a while
spam	GSOH? Good with SPAM the ladies?U could b a male gigolo? 2 join the uk's fastest growing mens club reply ONCALL. mjzgroup. 08714342399.2stop reply STOP. msg@å£1.50rcvd
ham	Okies... I'll go yan jiu too... We can skip ard oso, go cine den go mrt one, blah blah blah... 
ham	Yes. I come to nyc for audiitions and am trying to relocate.
ham	Not getting anywhere with this damn job hunting over here!
ham	I'm fine. Hope you are also
ham	I will see in half an hour
ham	I'll talk to the others and probably just come early tomorrow then
ham	The whole car appreciated the last two! Dad and are having a map reading semi argument but apart from that things are going ok. P.
spam	3. You have received your mobile content. Enjoy
ham	I am in your office na.
ham	K.k:)i'm going to tirunelvali this week to see my uncle ..i already spend the amount by taking dress .so only i want money.i will give it on feb 1
ham	Where are you?when wil you reach here?
ham	Got it! It looks scrumptious... daddy wants to eat you all night long!
ham	Lol. Well quality aint bad at all so i aint complaining
ham	No i'm not gonna be able to. || too late notice. || i'll be home in a few weeks anyway. || what are the plans
ham	But we havent got da topic yet rite?
ham	Ok I'm gonna head up to usf in like fifteen minutes
ham	Then wat r u doing now? Busy wif work?
ham	Oh ok wait 4 me there... My lect havent finish
ham	There are many company. Tell me the language.
spam	Your 2004 account for 07XXXXXXXXX shows 786 unredeemed points. To claim call 08719181259 Identifier code: XXXXX Expires 26.03.05
ham	What you doing?how are you?
spam	RGENT! This is the 2nd attempt to contact U!U have WON å£1250 CALL 09071512433 b4 050703 T&CsBCM4235WC1N3XX. callcost 150ppm mobilesvary. maxå£7. 50
ham	Aiyah e rain like quite big leh. If drizzling i can at least run home.
ham	Lmao ok I wont be needing u to do my hair anymore.
ham	Squeeeeeze!! This is christmas hug.. If u lik my frndshp den hug me back.. If u get 3 u r cute:) 6 u r luvd:* 9 u r so lucky;) None? People hate u:
ham	Hope this text meets you smiling. If not then let this text give you a reason to smile. Have a beautiful day.
spam	You are guaranteed the latest Nokia Phone, a 40GB iPod MP3 player or a å£500 prize! Txt word: COLLECT to No: 83355! IBHltd LdnW15H 150p/Mtmsgrcvd18+
ham	By the way, make sure u get train to worc foregate street not shrub hill. Have fun night x
ham	I dont. Can you send it to me. Plus how's mode.
ham	Ok. I.ll do you right later.
spam	What do U want for Xmas? How about 100 free text messages & a new video phone with half price line rental? Call free now on 0800 0721072 to find out more!
ham	Hope you are having a great day.
ham	Hey. What happened? U switch off ur cell d whole day. This isnt good. Now if u do care, give me a call tomorrow.
ham	No..few hours before.went to hair cut .
ham	Ranjith cal drpd Deeraj and deepak 5min hold
ham	But am going to college pa. What to do. are else ill come there it self. Pa.
ham	Didn't you get hep b immunisation in nigeria.
ham	The evo. I just had to download flash. Jealous?
ham	We are at grandmas. Oh dear, u still ill? I felt Shit this morning but i think i am just hungover! Another night then. We leave on sat.
ham	Hai dear friends... This is my new &amp; present number..:) By Rajitha Raj (Ranju)
ham	I've told you everything will stop. Just dont let her get dehydrated.
ham	Do you mind if I ask what happened? You dont have to say if it is uncomfortable.
spam	Someone has contacted our dating service and entered your phone becausethey fancy you! To find out who it is call from a landline 09058098002. PoBox1, W14RG 150p
ham	I didnt get anything da
ham	Got hella gas money, want to go on a grand nature adventure with galileo in a little bit?
ham	Cold. Dont be sad dear
ham	Lol, oh you got a friend for the dog ?
ham	I'm coming back on Thursday. Yay. Is it gonna be ok to get the money. Cheers. Oh yeah and how are you. Everything alright. Hows school. Or do you call it work now
ham	That would be great. We'll be at the Guild. Could meet on Bristol road or somewhere - will get in touch over weekend. Our plans take flight! Have a good week
spam	Customer service annoncement. You have a New Years delivery waiting for you. Please call 07046744435 now to arrange delivery
ham	Ok. There may be a free gym about.
ham	excellent. I spent  &lt;#&gt;  years in the Air Force. Iraq and afghanistan. I am stable and honest. do you like traveling?
ham	Nothing much, chillin at home. Any super bowl plan?
ham	Which is weird because I know I had it at one point
ham	Get ready for  &lt;#&gt;  inches of pleasure...
ham	K.k:)when are you going?
ham	Huh but i got lesson at 4 lei n i was thinkin of going to sch earlier n i tot of parkin at kent vale...  
ham	The  &lt;#&gt; g that i saw a few days ago, the guy wants sell wifi only for  &lt;#&gt;  and with 3g for  &lt;#&gt; . That's why i blanked him.
ham	Call me when you get the chance plz &lt;3
ham	My life Means a lot to me, Not because I love my life, But because I love the people in my life, The world calls them friends, I call them my World:-).. Ge:-)..
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	Er, hello, things didn‰Û÷t quite go to plan ‰ÛÒ is limping slowly home followed by aa and with exhaust hanging off
ham	Nope thats fine. I might have a nap tho! 
ham	Sweetheart, hope you are not having that kind of day! Have one with loads of reasons to smile. Biola
spam	Had your mobile 11 months or more? U R entitled to Update to the latest colour mobiles with camera for Free! Call The Mobile Update Co FREE on 08002986030
spam	Free Msg: Ringtone!From: http://tms. widelive.com/index. wml?id=1b6a5ecef91ff9*37819&first=true18:0430-JUL-05
ham	Lol well don't do it without me. We could have a big sale together.
ham	Yeah, that's fine! It's å£6 to get in, is that ok? 
ham	No rushing. I'm not working. I'm in school so if we rush we go hungry.
ham	I guess that's why you re worried. You must know that there's a way the body repairs itself. And i'm quite sure you shouldn't worry. We'll take it slow. First the tests, they will guide when your ovulation is then just relax. Nothing you've said is a reason to worry but i.ll keep on followin you up.
ham	Hows the champ just leaving glasgow!
ham	Happy or sad , one thing about past is- \Its no more\" GOOD MORNING :-):-)."
spam	Someonone you know is trying to contact you via our dating service! To find out who it could be call from your mobile or landline 09064015307 BOX334SK38ch 
ham	What is this 'hex' place you talk of? Explain!
spam	How about getting in touch with folks waiting for company? Just txt back your NAME and AGE to opt in! Enjoy the community (150p/SMS)
ham	Where is it. Is there any opening for mca.
ham	You are right though. I can't give you the space you want and need. This is really starting to become an issue. I was going to suggest setting a definite move out--if i'm still there-- after greece. But maybe you are ready and should do it now.
ham	Babe! How goes that day ? What are you up to ? I miss you already, my Love ... * loving kiss* ... I hope everything goes well.
ham	We are hoping to get away by 7, from Langport. You still up for town tonight?
ham	Ahhhh...just woken up!had a bad dream about u tho,so i dont like u right now :) i didnt know anything about comedy night but i guess im up for it.
spam	You will be receiving this week's Triple Echo ringtone shortly. Enjoy it!
ham	did u get that message
ham	The greatest test of courage on earth is to bear defeat without losing heart....gn tc
ham	As per your request 'Maangalyam (Alaipayuthe)' has been set as your callertune for all Callers. Press *9 to copy your friends Callertune
ham	How are you with moneY...as in to you...money aint a thing....how are you sha!
ham	Me n him so funny...
ham	Er yep sure. Props?
spam	Send a logo 2 ur lover - 2 names joined by a heart. Txt LOVE NAME1 NAME2 MOBNO eg LOVE ADAM EVE 07123456789 to 87077 Yahoo! POBox36504W45WQ TxtNO 4 no ads 150p.
ham	Sorry i din lock my keypad.
ham	Ya tel, wats ur problem..
spam	todays vodafone numbers ending with 0089(my last four digits) are selected to received a å£350 award. If your number matches please call 09063442151 to claim your å£350 award
ham	Networking job is there.
ham	I can't keep going through this. It was never my intention to run you out, but if you choose to do that rather than keep the room clean so *I* don't have to say no to visitors, then maybe that's the best choice. Yes, I wanted you to be embarassed, so maybe you'd feel for once how I feel when i have a friend who wants to drop buy and i have to say no, as happened this morning. I've tried everything. I don't know what else to do.
ham	When is school starting. Where will you stay. What's the weather like. And the food. Do you have a social support system like friends in the school. All these things are important.
ham	Sorry i now then c ur msg... Yar lor so poor thing... But only 4 one night... Tmr u'll have a brand new room 2 sleep in...
spam	You have WON a guaranteed å£1000 cash or a å£2000 prize.To claim yr prize call our customer service representative on
ham	We confirm eating at esplanade?
ham	Okie but i scared u say i fat... Then u dun wan me already...
spam	Dear Voucher Holder, To claim this weeks offer, at you PC please go to http://www.e-tlp.co.uk/expressoffer Ts&Cs apply. To stop texts, txt STOP to 80062
ham	Company is very good.environment is terrific and food is really nice:)
ham	Just finished. Missing you plenty
ham	Idk. I'm sitting here in a stop and shop parking lot right now bawling my eyes out because i feel like i'm a failure in everything. Nobody wants me and now i feel like i'm failing you.
ham	Well done and ! luv ya all 
ham	And that's fine, I got enough bud to last most of the night at least
ham	Yupz... I've oredi booked slots 4 my weekends liao... 
ham	He said that he had a right giggle when he saw u again! You would possibly be the first person2die from NVQ, but think how much you could for! 
ham	Genius what's up. How your brother. Pls send his number to my skype.
ham	I keep seeing weird shit and bein all \woah\" then realising it's actually reasonable and I'm all \"oh\""
ham	I always chat with you. In fact i need money can you raise me?
ham	Oh shut it. Omg yesterday I had a dream that I had 2 kids both boys. I was so pissed. Not only about the kids but them being boys. I even told mark in my dream that he was changing diapers cause I'm not getting owed in the face.
ham	Haha just kidding, papa needs drugs
ham	Great. Have a safe trip. Dont panic surrender all.
ham	Shhhhh nobody is supposed to know!
ham	Sure, if I get an acknowledgement from you that it's astoundingly tactless and generally faggy to demand a blood oath fo
ham	Damn, can you make it tonight or do you want to just wait til tomorrow
ham	Say this slowly.? GOD,I LOVE YOU &amp; I NEED YOU,CLEAN MY HEART WITH YOUR BLOOD.Send this to Ten special people &amp; u c miracle tomorrow, do it,pls,pls do it...
ham	Aight will do, thanks again for comin out
ham	Lol now I'm after that hot air balloon!
spam	Update_Now - Xmas Offer! Latest Motorola, SonyEricsson & Nokia & FREE Bluetooth! Double Mins & 1000 Txt on Orange. Call MobileUpd8 on 08000839402 or call2optout/F4Q=
ham	Stupid.its not possible
ham	Storming msg: Wen u lift d phne, u say \HELLO\" Do u knw wt is d real meaning of HELLO?? . . . It's d name of a girl..! . . . Yes.. And u knw who is dat girl?? \"Margaret Hello\" She is d girlfrnd f Grahmbell who invnted telphone... . . . . Moral:One can 4get d name of a person
ham	Customer place i will call you
ham	Good. do you think you could send me some pix? I would love to see your top and bottom...
ham	S:)no competition for him.
ham	By march ending, i should be ready. But will call you for sure. The problem is that my capital never complete. How far with you. How's work and the ladies
ham	Ok
ham	Thank you princess! You are so sexy...
ham	Omg it could snow here tonite!
spam	You are being contacted by our dating service by someone you know! To find out who it is, call from a land line 09050000928. PoBox45W2TG150P
ham	She said,'' do u mind if I go into the bedroom for a minute ? '' ''OK'', I sed in a sexy mood. She came out 5 minuts latr wid a cake...n My Wife,
ham	ÌÏ all write or wat..
ham	\SHIT BABE.. THASA BIT MESSED UP.YEH
spam	Congratulations! Thanks to a good friend U have WON the å£2,000 Xmas prize. 2 claim is easy, just call 08718726978 NOW! Only 10p per minute. BT-national-rate
ham	I'm turning off my phone. My moms telling everyone I have cancer. And my sister won't stop calling. It hurts to talk. Can't put up with it. See u when u get home. Love u
ham	You didn't have to tell me that...now i'm thinking. Plus he's going to stop all your runs
ham	is your hamster dead? Hey so tmr i meet you at 1pm orchard mrt? 
ham	S:-)kallis wont play in first two odi:-)
ham	Yes we are chatting too.
ham	I had it already..sabarish asked me to go..
ham	Hi. Hope you had a good day. Have a better night.
ham	Not thought bout it... || Drink in tap & spile at seven. || Is that pub on gas st off broad st by canal. || Ok?
ham	Sent me de webadres for geting salary slip
ham	I'm in town now so i'll jus take mrt down later.
ham	hiya hows it going in sunny africa? hope u r avin a good time. give that big old silver back a big kiss from me.
ham	K I'm leaving soon, be there a little after 9
ham	Nothing really, just making sure everybody's up to speed
ham	Cheers for the message Zogtorius. IåÕve been staring at my phone for an age deciding whether to text or not.
spam	You won't believe it but it's true. It's Incredible Txts! Reply G now to learn truly amazing things that will blow your mind. From O2FWD only 18p/txt
ham	I emailed yifeng my part oredi.. Can Ì_ get it fr him..
ham	That way transport is less problematic than on sat night. By the way, if u want to ask  n  to join my bday, feel free. But need to know definite nos as booking on fri. 
ham	happened here while you were adventuring
ham	Buy one egg for me da..please:)
ham	Yo, you gonna still be in stock tomorrow/today? I'm trying to get a dubsack
spam	Your credits have been topped up for http://www.bubbletext.com Your renewal Pin is tgxxrz
ham	You intrepid duo you! Have a great time and see you both soon. 
spam	GENT! We are trying to contact you. Last weekends draw shows that you won a å£1000 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09064012160. Claim Code K52. Valid 12hrs only. 150ppm 
spam	Sunshine Quiz Wkly Q! Win a top Sony DVD player if u know which country Liverpool played in mid week? Txt ansr to 82277. å£1.50 SP:Tyrone
spam	Join the UK's horniest Dogging service and u can have sex 2nite!. Just sign up and follow the instructions. Txt ENTRY to 69888 now! Nyt.EC2A.3LP.msg@150p
ham	Well that must be a pain to catch
ham	No current and food here. I am alone also
ham	The world's most happiest frnds never have the same characters... Dey just have the best understanding of their differences...
ham	Just nw i came to hme da..
ham	Yeah, we got one lined up for us
ham	You have come into my life and brought the sun ..Shiny down on me, warming my heart. Putting a constant smile on my face ... Making me feel loved and cared for
ham	\ALRITE HUNNY!WOT U UP 2 2NITE? DIDNT END UP GOIN DOWN TOWN JUS DA PUB INSTEAD! JUS CHILLIN AT DA MO IN ME BEDROOM!LOVE JEN XXX.\""
ham	No i am not having not any movies in my laptop
spam	Ur TONEXS subscription has been renewed and you have been charged å£4.50. You can choose 10 more polys this month. www.clubzed.co.uk *BILLING MSG*
spam	Had your contract mobile 11 Mnths? Latest Motorola, Nokia etc. all FREE! Double Mins & Text on Orange tariffs. TEXT YES for callback, no to remove from records
ham	Just glad to be talking to you.
ham	Dear, will call Tmorrow.pls accomodate.
ham	Same as u... Dun wan... Y u dun like me already ah... Wat u doing now? Still eating?
ham	You know my old Dom I told you about yesterday ? His name is Roger? He got in touch with me last night and wants me to meet him today at 2 pm
ham	Sorry light turned green, I meant another friend wanted  &lt;#&gt;  worth but he may not be around
spam	Congrats! 1 year special cinema pass for 2 is yours. call 09061209465 now! C Suprman V, Matrix3, StarWars3, etc all 4 FREE! bx420-ip4-5we. 150pm. Dont miss out! 
spam	This message is free. Welcome to the new & improved Sex & Dogging club! To unsubscribe from this service reply STOP. msgs@150p 18 only
ham	Carlos says he'll be at mu in  &lt;#&gt;  minutes
ham	Hey, can you tell me blake's address? Carlos wanted me to meet him there but I got lost and he's not answering his phone
ham	Have a nice day my dear.
ham	Not really dude, have no friends i'm afraid :(
ham	Yo im right by yo work
ham	Ok.
ham	Wife.how she knew the time of murder exactly
ham	* Thought I didn't see you.
ham	I notice you like looking in the shit mirror youre turning into a right freak
ham	Gr8. So how do you handle the victoria island traffic. Plus when's the album due
spam	Ur cash-balance is currently 500 pounds - to maximize ur cash-in now send COLLECT to 83600 only 150p/msg. CC: 08718720201 PO BOX 114/14 TCR/W1
ham	Kaiez... Enjoy ur tuition... Gee... Thk e second option sounds beta... I'll go yan jiu den msg u...
ham	No message..no responce..what happend?
ham	And is there a way you can send shade's stuff to her. And she has been wonderful too.
ham	Haven't found a way to get another app for your phone, eh ? Will you go to the net cafe ? Did you take that job? Geeee I need you babe. I crave to see you ...
ham	My painful personal thought- \I always try to keep everybody happy all the time. But nobody recognises me when i am alone\""
ham	Honeybee Said: *I'm d Sweetest in d World* God Laughed &amp; Said: *Wait,U Havnt Met d Person Reading This Msg* MORAL: Even GOD Can Crack Jokes! GM+GN+GE+GN:)
ham	Nothing lor... A bit bored too... Then y dun u go home early 2 sleep today...
ham	watever reLation u built up in dis world only thing which remains atlast iz lonlines with lotz n lot memories! feeling..
ham	Ok thanx...
ham	Wow didn't think it was that common. I take it all back ur not a freak! Unless u chop it off:-)
ham	Usually the body takes care of it buy making sure it doesnt progress. Can we pls continue this talk on saturday.
ham	Hmmm... Guess we can go 4 kb n power yoga... Haha, dunno we can tahan power yoga anot... Thk got lo oso, forgot liao...
ham	Okie Ì_ wan meet at bishan? Cos me at bishan now. I'm not driving today.
ham	U're welcome... Caught u using broken english again...
spam	74355 XMAS iscoming & ur awarded either å£500 CD gift vouchers & free entry 2 r å£100 weekly draw txt MUSIC to 87066 TnC
ham	I'll probably be by tomorrow (or even later tonight if something's going on)
ham	Babe, have you got enough money to pick up bread and milk ? And I'll give you it back when you get home ?
ham	Sorry . I will be able to get to you. See you in the morning.
ham	Yes! I am a one woman man! Please tell me your likes and dislikes in bed...
ham	Just wanted to say holy shit you guys weren't kidding about this bud
spam	Hi its LUCY Hubby at meetins all day Fri & I will B alone at hotel U fancy cumin over? Pls leave msg 2day 09099726395 Lucy x Callså£1/minMobsmoreLKPOBOX177HP51FL
ham	Miserable. They don't tell u that the side effects of birth control are massive gut wrenching cramps for the first 2 months. I didn't sleep at all last night.
ham	I just made some payments so dont have that much. Sorry. Would you want it fedex or the other way.
ham	Not able to do anything.
ham	Dunno da next show aft 6 is 850. Toa payoh got 650.
ham	Where can download clear movies. Dvd copies.
ham	i am going to bed now prin
ham	I got your back! Do you have any dislikes in bed?
ham	Easy mate, * guess the quick drink was bit ambitious.
ham	Your board is working fine. The issue of overheating is also reslove. But still software inst is pending. I will come around 8'o clock.
ham	Yeah sure, give me a couple minutes to track down my wallet
ham	Nothing just getting msgs by dis name wit different no's..
ham	Machan you go to gym tomorrow,  i wil come late goodnight.
ham	Christmas is An occasion that is Celebrated as a Reflection of UR... Values..., Desires..., Affections...&amp; Traditions.... Have an ideal Christmas...
ham	Morning only i can ok.
ham	Sad story of a Man - Last week was my b'day. My Wife did'nt wish me. My Parents forgot n so did my Kids . I went to work. Even my Colleagues did not wish.
ham	Gud gud..k, chikku tke care.. sleep well gud nyt
ham	Why i come in between you people
ham	Yes I started to send requests to make it but pain came back so I'm back in bed. Double coins at the factory too. I gotta cash in all my nitros.
ham	Yes! How is a pretty lady like you single?
ham	Hey now am free you can call me.
spam	EASTENDERS TV Quiz. What FLOWER does DOT compare herself to? D= VIOLET E= TULIP F= LILY txt D E or F to 84025 NOW 4 chance 2 WIN å£100 Cash WKENT/150P16+
ham	I don,t think so. You don't need to be going out that late on a school night. ESPECIALLY when the one class you have is the one you missed last wednesday and probably failed a test in on friday
ham	WHAT TIME U WRKIN?
spam	Got what it takes 2 take part in the WRC Rally in Oz? U can with Lucozade Energy! Text RALLY LE to 61200 (25p), see packs or lucozade.co.uk/wrc & itcould be u!
ham	Friendship is not a game to play, It is not a word to say, It doesn\'t start on March and ends on May, It is tomorrow, yesterday, today and e
spam	Great NEW Offer - DOUBLE Mins & DOUBLE Txt on best Orange tariffs AND get latest camera phones 4 FREE! Call MobileUpd8 free on 08000839402 NOW! or 2stoptxt T&Cs
ham	So that takes away some money worries
spam	4mths half price Orange line rental & latest camera phones 4 FREE. Had your phone 11mths ? Call MobilesDirect free on 08000938767 to update now! or2stoptxt
ham	Hey tmr maybe can meet you at yck
ham	It's cool, let me know before it kicks off around  &lt;#&gt; , I'll be out and about all day
ham	Slaaaaave ! Where are you ? Must I summon you to me all the time now ? Don't you wish to come to me on your own anymore?
ham	Wat u doing there?
ham	Hi dis is yijue i would be happy to work wif Ì_ all for gek1510...
ham	Apo all other are mokka players only
ham	Never y lei... I v lazy... Got wat? Dat day Ì_ send me da url cant work one...
ham	Sitting in mu waiting for everyone to get out of my suite so I can take a shower
spam	Your next amazing xxx PICSFREE1 video will be sent to you enjoy! If one vid is not enough for 2day text back the keyword PICSFREE1 to get the next video.
ham	I'm there and I can see you, but you can't see me ? Maybe you should reboot ym ? I seen the buzz
ham	... Are you in the pub?
ham	‰Û_ we r stayin here an extra week, back next wed. How did we do in the rugby this weekend? Hi to and and , c u soon \"
ham"
ham	1 in cbe. 2 in chennai.
spam	This is the 2nd time we have tried 2 contact u. U have won the 750 Pound prize. 2 claim is easy, call 08712101358 NOW! Only 10p per min. BT-national-rate
ham	Jesus christ bitch I'm trying to give you drugs answer your fucking phone
ham	Hey i'm bored... So i'm thinking of u... So wat r u doing?
ham	I love your ass! Do you enjoy doggy style? :)
ham	If you r @ home then come down within 5 min
ham	Gal n boy walking in d park. gal-can i hold ur hand? boy-y? do u think i would run away? gal-no, jst wana c how it feels walking in heaven with an prince..GN:-)
ham	Dear i have reache room
ham	Tell me again what your address is
spam	Urgent UR awarded a complimentary trip to EuroDisinc Trav, Aco&Entry41 Or å£1000. To claim txt DIS to 87121 18+6*å£1.50(moreFrmMob. ShrAcomOrSglSuplt)10, LS1 3AJ
ham	Still otside le..u come 2morrow maga..
ham	Eat at old airport road... But now 630 oredi... Got a lot of pple...
ham	Are you willing to go for apps class.
spam	TBS/PERSOLVO. been chasing us since Sept forå£38 definitely not paying now thanks to your information. We will ignore them. Kath. Manchester.
ham	:( but your not here....
spam	LORD OF THE RINGS:RETURN OF THE KING in store NOW!REPLY LOTR by 2 June 4 Chance 2 WIN LOTR soundtrack CDs StdTxtRate. Reply STOP to end txts
ham	What u talking bout early morning? It's almost noon where your at!
ham	I am back. Good journey! Let me know if you need any of the receipts. Shall i tell you like the pendent?
ham	I'm in chennai velachery:)
ham	I don't run away frm u... I walk slowly &amp; it kills me that u don't care enough to stop me...
ham	Que pases un buen tiempo or something like that
ham	ELLO BABE U OK?
ham	Well the weather in cali's great. But its complexities are great. You need a car to move freely, its taxes are outrageous. But all in all its a great place. The sad part is i missing home.
ham	Yes:)from last week itself i'm taking live call.
ham	As in missionary hook up, doggy hook up, standing...|
ham	Coffee cake, i guess...
ham	I am in hospital da. . I will return home in evening
ham	How are you. Just checking up on you
spam	Do you want a New Nokia 3510i Colour Phone Delivered Tomorrow? With 200 FREE minutes to any mobile + 100 FREE text + FREE camcorder Reply or Call 08000930705
ham	Ok anyway no need to change with what you said
ham	I tot it's my group mate... Lucky i havent reply... Wat time do Ì_ need to leave... 
ham	LOL ... No just was busy
spam	Hey Boys. Want hot XXX pics sent direct 2 ur phone? Txt PORN to 69855, 24Hrs free and then just 50p per day. To stop text STOPBCM SF WC1N3XX
ham	Ok. I only ask abt e movie. U wan ktv oso?
ham	Thanks. Fills me with complete calm and reassurance! 
spam	8007 FREE for 1st week! No1 Nokia tone 4 ur mob every week just txt NOKIA to 8007 Get txting and tell ur mates www.getzed.co.uk POBox 36504 W4 5WQ norm 150p/tone 16+
ham	Was doing my test earlier. I appreciate you. Will call you tomorrow.
ham	I knew it... U slept v late yest? Wake up so late...
ham	What do u reckon as need 2 arrange transport if u can't do it, thanks
ham	Dear we are going to our rubber place
ham	Holy living christ what is taking you so long
ham	Cool, we shall go and see, have to go to tip anyway. Are you at home, got something to drop in later? So lets go to town tonight! Maybe mum can take us in.
ham	U can call me now...
ham	You in your room? I need a few
ham	E admin building there? I might b slightly earlier... I'll call u when i'm reaching...
ham	Where wuld I be without my baby? The thought alone mite break me and I donåÕt wanna go crazy but everyboy needs his lady xxxxxxxx
ham	An excellent thought by a misundrstud frnd: I knw u hate me bt the day wen u'll knw the truth u'll hate urself:-( Gn:-)
ham	Have your lunch and come quickly and open the door:)
ham	LOL ... Have you made plans for new years?
ham	Yeah we do totes. When u wanna?
ham	PISS IS TALKING IS SOMEONE THAT REALISE U THAT POINT THIS AT IS IT.(NOW READ IT BACKWARDS)
ham	Sorry, I'll call later In meeting.
ham	The guy did some bitching but I acted like i'd be interested in buying something else next week and he gave it to us for free
ham	Still work going on:)it is very small house.
ham	Sorry chikku, my cell got some problem thts y i was nt able to reply u or msg u..
ham	Babe ! How goes that day ? What are you doing ? Where are you ? I sip my cappuccino and think of you, my love ... I send a kiss to you from across the sea
ham	Painful words- \I thought being Happy was the most toughest thing on Earth... But
spam	Thanks for your ringtone order, reference number X49.Your mobile will be charged 4.50. Should your tone not arrive please call customer services 09065989182
spam	URGENT! Last weekend's draw shows that you have won å£1000 cash or a Spanish holiday! CALL NOW 09050000332 to claim. T&C: RSTM, SW7 3SS. 150ppm
ham	hi baby im sat on the bloody bus at the mo and i wont be home until about 7:30 wanna do somethin later? call me later ortxt back jess xx
ham	As usual..iam fine, happy &amp; doing well..:)
ham	Cool, what time you think you can get here?
ham	A cute thought for friendship: \Its not necessary to share every secret with ur close Frnd
ham	Purity of friendship between two is not about smiling after reading the forwarded message..Its about smiling just by seeing the name. Gud evng
ham	I am waiting for your call sir.
ham	And smile for me right now as you go and the world will wonder what you are smiling about and think your crazy and keep away from you ... *grins*
ham	K.k.how is your business now?
ham	Sorry completely forgot * will pop em round this week if your still here?
ham	Haven't eaten all day. I'm sitting here staring at this juicy pizza and I can't eat it. These meds are ruining my life.
ham	She.s find. I sent you an offline message to know how anjola's now.
ham	Hi. I'm sorry i missed your call. Can you pls call back.
ham	Wen ur lovable bcums angry wid u, dnt take it seriously.. Coz being angry is d most childish n true way of showing deep affection, care n luv!.. kettoda manda... Have nice day da.
ham	Do well :)all will for little time. Thing of good times ahead:
ham	Usf I guess, might as well take 1 car
ham	Some are lasting as much as 2 hours. You might get lucky.
spam	Dear Matthew please call 09063440451 from a landline, your complimentary 4*Lux Tenerife holiday or å£1000 CASH await collection. ppm150 SAE T&Cs Box334 SK38XH.
ham	 what number do u live at? Is it 11?
ham	Sorry sir, i will call you tomorrow.  senthil.hsbc
spam	WOW! The Boys R Back. TAKE THAT 2007 UK Tour. Win VIP Tickets & pre-book with VIP Club. Txt CLUB to 81303. Trackmarque Ltd info@vipclub4u.
ham	Where are you ? What are you doing ? Are yuou working on getting the pc to your mom's ? Did you find a spot that it would work ? I need you
ham	Found it, ENC  &lt;#&gt; , where you at?
ham	My sort code is  and acc no is . The bank is natwest. Can you reply to confirm i've sent this to the right person!
ham	Beerage?
ham	What happen dear. Why you silent. I am tensed
ham	Hello.How u doing?What u been up 2?When will u b moving out of the flat, cos I will need to arrange to pick up the lamp, etc. Take care. Hello caroline!
ham	Aiyar u so poor thing... I give u my support k... Jia you! I'll think of u...
ham	Ok no prob. Take ur time.
spam	ree entry in 2 a weekly comp for a chance to win an ipod. Txt POD to 80182 to get entry (std txt rate) T&C's apply 08452810073 for details 18+
spam	87077: Kick off a new season with 2wks FREE goals & news to ur mobile! Txt ur club name to 87077 eg VILLA to 87077
ham	Is there any training tomorrow?
ham	Nah man, my car is meant to be crammed full of people
ham	Haha, my friend tyler literally just asked if you could get him a dubsack
ham	And very importantly, all we discuss is between u and i only.
ham	I dont have any of your file in my bag..i was in work when you called me.i 'll tell you if i find anything in my room.
ham	Ok lar... Joking wif u oni...
ham	K go and sleep well. Take rest:-).
ham	When are you going to ride your bike?
ham	You need to get up. Now.
ham	Not yet chikku..going to room nw, i'm in bus..
ham	Up to Ì_... ÌÏ wan come then come lor... But i din c any stripes skirt...
ham	Whats the staff name who is taking class for us?
ham	Yup no more already... Thanx 4 printing n handing it up.
ham	Well she's in for a big surprise!
ham	I think asking for a gym is the excuse for lazy people. I jog.
ham	U should make a fb list
ham	By the way, 'rencontre' is to meet again. Mountains dont....
ham	Got fujitsu, ibm, hp, toshiba... Got a lot of model how to say...
ham	Haha... Where got so fast lose weight, thk muz go 4 a month den got effect... Gee,later we go aust put bk e weight.
ham	That sucks. So what do you got planned for your yo valentine? I am your yo valentine aren't I?
ham	Probably gonna swing by in a wee bit
ham	Good Morning my Dear........... Have a great &amp; successful day.
ham	Ok... But they said i've got wisdom teeth hidden inside n mayb need 2 remove.
spam	FREE for 1st week! No1 Nokia tone 4 ur mobile every week just txt NOKIA to 8077 Get txting and tell ur mates. www.getzed.co.uk POBox 36504 W45WQ 16+ norm150p/tone
spam	U were outbid by simonwatson5120 on the Shinco DVD Plyr. 2 bid again, visit sms. ac/smsrewards 2 end bid notifications, reply END OUT
ham	Bring home some Wendy =D
ham	Wat r u doing?
ham	K..u also dont msg or reply to his msg..
ham	What's ur pin?
ham	Am going to take bath ill place the key in window:-)
ham	No prob. I will send to your email.
ham	alright. Thanks for the advice. Enjoy your night out. I'ma try to get some sleep...
spam	No 1 POLYPHONIC tone 4 ur mob every week! Just txt PT2 to 87575. 1st Tone FREE ! so get txtin now and tell ur friends. 150p/tone. 16 reply HL 4info
ham	Hey cutie. How goes it? Here in WALES its kinda ok. There is like hills and shit but i still avent killed myself. 
ham	Bring it if you got it
ham	\Si.como no?!listened2the plaid album-quite gd&the new air1 which is hilarious-also boughtåÓbraindanceåÓa comp.ofstuff on aphexåÕs ;abel
ham	tap & spile at seven. * Is that pub on gas st off broad st by canal. Ok?
ham	Dont search love, let love find U. Thats why its called falling in love, bcoz U dont force yourself, U just fall and U know there is smeone to hold U... BSLVYL
spam	Dont forget you can place as many FREE Requests with 1stchoice.co.uk as you wish. For more Information call 08707808226.
ham	Dear are you angry i was busy dear
ham	Prepare to be pleasured :)
spam	Orange customer, you may now claim your FREE CAMERA PHONE upgrade for your loyalty. Call now on 0207 153 9996. Offer ends 14thMarch. T&C's apply. Opt-out availa
spam	Free entry to the gr8prizes wkly comp 4 a chance to win the latest Nokia 8800, PSP or å£250 cash every wk.TXT GREAT to 80878 http//www.gr8prizes.com 08715705022
spam	Todays Voda numbers ending 1225 are selected to receive a å£50award. If you have a match please call 08712300220 quoting claim code 3100 standard rates app 
ham	My friends use to call the same.
ham	There's someone here that has a year  &lt;#&gt;  toyota camry like mr olayiwola's own. Mileage is  &lt;#&gt; k.its clean but i need to know how much will it sell for. If i can raise the dough for it how soon after landing will it sell. Holla back.
ham	Aight fuck it, I'll get it later
ham	Great comedy..cant stop laughing da:)
ham	Oh ho. Is this the first time u use these type of words
ham	Oops I was in the shower when u called. Hey a parking garage collapsed at university hospital. See I'm not crazy. Stuff like that DOES happen.
ham	Bugis oso near wat... 
ham	Jus ans me lar. U'll noe later.
ham	That means you got an A in epi, she.s fine. She.s here now.
ham	Headin towards busetop
ham	Don know:)this week i'm going to tirunelvai da.
ham	Do u still have plumbers tape and a wrench we could borrow?
ham	What Today-sunday..sunday is holiday..so no work..
ham	Set a place for me in your heart and not in your mind, as the mind easily forgets but the heart will always remember. Wish you Happy Valentines Day!
ham	What r u cooking me for dinner?
ham	Ditto. And you won't have to worry about me saying ANYTHING to you anymore. Like i said last night, you do whatever you want and i'll do the same. Peace.
ham	Argh why the fuck is nobody in town ;_;
ham	Once a fishrman woke early in d mrng. It was very dark. He waited a while &amp; found a sack ful of stones. He strtd throwin thm in2 d sea 2 pass time. Atlast he had jus 1stone, sun rose up &amp; he found out tht those r nt stones, those were diamonds. Moral:\Dont wake up early in d mrng'' GOOD night"
ham	Havent planning to buy later. I check already lido only got 530 show in e afternoon. U finish work already?
ham	She's fine. Good to hear from you. How are you my dear? Happy new year oh.
ham	I though we shd go out n have some fun so bar in town or something ‰ÛÒ sound ok?
ham	ÌÏ got wat to buy tell us then Ì_ no need to come in again.
ham	I'm at home. Please call
spam	Twinks, bears, scallies, skins and jocks are calling now. Don't miss the weekend's fun. Call 08712466669 at 10p/min. 2 stop texts call 08712460324(nat rate)
ham	We made it! Eta at taunton is 12:30 as planned, hope that‰Û÷s still okday?! Good to see you! :-xx
ham	No probably  &lt;#&gt; %.
ham	Am not interested to do like that.
ham	Or u ask they all if next sat can a not. If all of them can make it then i'm ok lor.
ham	Hi here. have birth at on the  to  at 8lb 7oz. Mother and baby doing brilliantly.
ham	Ugh just got outta class
spam	Will u meet ur dream partner soon? Is ur career off 2 a flyng start? 2 find out free, txt HORO followed by ur star sign, e. g. HORO ARIES
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	Yup. Izzit still raining heavily cos i'm in e mrt i can't c outside.
ham	Yeah, probably but not sure. Ilol let u know, but personally I wuldnt bother, then again if ur goin to then I mite as well!!
spam	Great News! Call FREEFONE 08006344447 to claim your guaranteed å£1000 CASH or å£2000 gift. Speak to a live operator NOW!
ham	I dont have any of your file in my bag..i was in work when you called me.i 'll tell you if i find anything in my room.
ham	I want to see your pretty pussy...
spam	You have won a Nokia 7250i. This is what you get when you win our FREE auction. To take part send Nokia to 86021 now. HG/Suite342/2Lands Row/W1JHL 16+ 
ham	That is wondarfull song
ham	Tell me whos this pls:-)
ham	Glad to see your reply.
ham	To the wonderful Okors, have a great month. We cherish you guys and wish you well each day. MojiBiola
ham	Come to medical college at 7pm ......forward it da
ham	U can call now...
ham	\Are you comingdown later?\""
ham	Then u better go sleep.. Dun disturb u liao.. U wake up then msg me lor..
spam	Do you want a new Video handset? 750 any time any network mins? UNLIMITED TEXT? Camcorder? Reply or Call now 08000930705 for del Sat AM
ham	I'm now but have to wait till 2 for the bus to pick me.
ham	Carlos took a while (again), we leave in a minute
ham	Ofcourse I also upload some songs
ham	Check audrey's status right now
ham	Not yet chikku..wat abt u?
ham	Yes, princess. Toledo.
ham	How much u trying to get?
ham	Did you catch the bus ? Are you frying an egg ? Did you make a tea? Are you eating your mom's left over dinner ? Do you feel my Love ?
ham	The greatest test of courage on earth is to bear defeat without losing heart....gn tc
spam	We tried to contact you re our offer of New Video Phone 750 anytime any network mins HALF PRICE Rental camcorder call 08000930705 or reply for delivery Wed
ham	This pay is  &lt;DECIMAL&gt;  lakhs:)
spam	Dear U've been invited to XCHAT. This is our final attempt to contact u! Txt CHAT to 86688 150p/MsgrcvdHG/Suite342/2Lands/Row/W1J6HL LDN 18 yrs
ham	I've got it down to a tea. not sure which flavour
spam	Dear Voucher Holder, 2 claim this weeks offer, at your PC go to http://www.e-tlp.co.uk/expressoffer Ts&Cs apply.2 stop texts txt STOP to 80062.
ham	May i call You later Pls
ham	Jus telling u dat i'll b leaving 4 shanghai on 21st instead so we'll haf more time 2 meet up cya...
ham	Let me know when you've got the money so carlos can make the call
ham	Yes. Nigh you cant aha.
ham	Yo guess what I just dropped
ham	HI DARLIN I HOPE YOU HAD A NICE NIGHT I WISH I HAD COME CANT WAIT TO SEE YOU LOVE FRAN PS I WANT DIRTY ANAL SEX AND I WANT A 10 MAN GANG BANG
ham	Those ducking chinchillas
ham	Argh my 3g is spotty, anyway the only thing I remember from the research we did was that province and sterling were the only problem-free places we looked at
ham	Anything lor is she coming?
ham	Please sen :)my kind advice :-)please come here and try:-)
ham	Alex says he's not ok with you not being ok with it
ham	Well, I was about to give up cos they all said no they didn‰Û÷t do one nighters. I persevered and found one but it is very cheap so i apologise in advance. It is just somewhere to sleep isnt it?
spam	500 New Mobiles from 2004, MUST GO! Txt: NOKIA to No: 89545 & collect yours today!From ONLY å£1 www.4-tc.biz 2optout 087187262701.50gbp/mtmsg18
ham	 &lt;DECIMAL&gt; m but its not a common car here so its better to buy from china or asia. Or if i find it less expensive. I.ll holla
ham	Yes..gauti and sehwag out of odi series.
ham	K...k...when will you give treat?
ham	Aslamalaikkum....insha allah tohar beeen muht albi mufti mahfuuz...meaning same here....
ham	Draw va?i dont think so:)
ham	That's cool he'll be here all night, lemme know when you're around
spam	Natalja (25/F) is inviting you to be her friend. Reply YES-440 or NO-440 See her: www.SMS.ac/u/nat27081980 STOP? Send STOP FRND to 62468
ham	Hiya , have u been paying money into my account? If so, thanks. Got a pleasant surprise when i checked my balance -u c, i don't get statements 4 that acc
ham	The monthly amount is not that terrible and you will not pay anything till 6months after finishing school.
ham	Ok i msg u b4 i leave my house.
ham	Good evening Sir, hope you are having a nice day. I wanted to bring it to your notice that I have been late in paying rent for the past few months and have had to pay a $ &lt;#&gt;  charge. I felt it would be inconsiderate of me to nag about something you give at great cost to yourself and that's why i didnt speak up. I however am in a recession and wont be able to pay the charge this month hence my askin well ahead of month's end. Can you please help. Thank you for everything.
ham	I'm really not up to it still tonight babe
ham	It‰Û÷s å£6 to get in, is that ok?
ham	Great! How is the office today?
ham	Yar lor he wan 2 go c horse racing today mah, so eat earlier lor. I ate chicken rice. U?
ham	I promise to take good care of you, princess. I have to run now. Please send pics when you get a chance. Ttyl!
ham	I'm in a movie... Collect car oredi...
ham	Your opinion about me? 1. Over 2. Jada 3. Kusruthi 4. Lovable 5. Silent 6. Spl character 7. Not matured 8. Stylish 9. Simple Pls reply..
ham	Beautiful Truth against Gravity.. Read carefully: \Our heart feels light when someone is in it.. But it feels very heavy when someone leaves it..\" GOODMORNING"
ham	Jolly good! By the way,  will give u tickets for sat eve 7.30. Speak before then x
ham	I got a call from a landline number. . . I am asked to come to anna nagar . . . I will go in the afternoon
ham	Sorry da. I gone mad so many pending works what to do.
ham	Sorry, I'll call later  &lt;#&gt; mins
ham	Hey sexy buns ! Have I told you ? I adore you, loverboy. I hope you remember to thank your sister in law for those meatballs *grins* ... i love you, babe
ham	FRAN I DECIDED 2 GO N E WAY IM COMPLETELY BROKE AN KNACKERED I GOT UP BOUT 3 C U 2MRW LOVE JANX P.S THIS IS MY DADS FONE, -NO CREDIT
ham	it's still not working. And this time i also tried adding zeros. That was the savings. The checking is  &lt;#&gt; 
ham	My life Means a lot to me, Not because I love my life, But because I love the people in my life, The world calls them friends, I call them my World:-).. Ge:-)..
ham	I accidentally brought em home in the box
ham	All sounds good. Fingers . Makes it difficult to type
ham	We have pizza if u want
ham	The last thing i ever wanted to do was hurt you. And i didn't think it would have. You'd laugh, be embarassed, delete the tag and keep going. But as far as i knew, it wasn't even up. The fact that you even felt like i would do it to hurt you shows you really don't know me at all. It was messy wednesday, but it wasn't bad. The problem i have with it is you HAVE the time to clean it, but you choose not to. You skype, you take pictures, you sleep, you want to go out. I don't mind a few things here and there, but when you don't make the bed, when you throw laundry on top of it, when i can't have a friend in the house because i'm embarassed that there's underwear and bras strewn on the bed, pillows on the floor, that's something else. You used to be good about at least making the bed.
ham	Thank you princess! I want to see your nice juicy booty...
ham	NEFT Transaction with reference number  &lt;#&gt;  for Rs. &lt;DECIMAL&gt;  has been credited to the beneficiary account on  &lt;#&gt;  at  &lt;TIME&gt; : &lt;#&gt;
spam	U have a secret admirer. REVEAL who thinks U R So special. Call 09065174042. To opt out Reply REVEAL STOP. 1.50 per msg recd. Cust care 07821230901
spam	Congratulations ur awarded either å£500 of CD gift vouchers & Free entry 2 our å£100 weekly draw txt MUSIC to 87066 TnCs www.Ldew.com 1 win150ppmx3age16
spam	0A$NETWORKS allow companies to bill for SMS, so they are responsible for their \suppliers\"
ham	K so am I, how much for an 8th? Fifty?
ham	Haven't left yet so probably gonna be here til dinner
ham	Nothing. Can...
ham	And you! Will expect you whenever you text! Hope all goes well tomo 
ham	Are you not around or just still asleep? :V
spam	Buy Space Invaders 4 a chance 2 win orig Arcade Game console. Press 0 for Games Arcade (std WAP charge) See o2.co.uk/games 4 Terms + settings. No purchase
spam	we tried to contact you re your response to our offer of a new nokia fone and camcorder hit reply or call 08000930705 for delivery
ham	IM GONNAMISSU SO MUCH!!I WOULD SAY IL SEND U A POSTCARD BUTTHERES ABOUTAS MUCH CHANCE OF MEREMEMBERIN ASTHERE IS OFSI NOT BREAKIN HIS CONTRACT!! LUV Yaxx
ham	Match started.india  &lt;#&gt;  for 2
ham	I jokin oni lar.. ÌÏ busy then i wun disturb Ì_.
ham	How do you guys go to see movies on your side.
spam	Last Chance! Claim ur å£150 worth of discount vouchers today! Text SHOP to 85023 now! SavaMob, offers mobile! T Cs SavaMob POBOX84, M263UZ. å£3.00 Sub. 16
spam	You have an important customer service announcement from PREMIER.
ham	So i'm doing a list of buyers.
ham	Actually i deleted my old website..now i m blogging at magicalsongs.blogspot.com
ham	Sorry me going home first... Daddy come fetch Ì_ later...
spam	BangBabes Ur order is on the way. U SHOULD receive a Service Msg 2 download UR content. If U do not, GoTo wap. bangb. tv on UR mobile internet/service menu
ham	Mmm thats better now i got a roast down me! iåÕd b better if i had a few drinks down me 2! Good indian?
ham	Ok i vl..do u know i got adsense approved..
ham	I want to tell you how bad I feel that basically the only times I text you lately are when I need drugs
ham	Hey tmr meet at bugis 930 ?
ham	It so happens that there r 2waxsto do wat you want. She can come and ill get her medical insurance. And she'll be able to deliver and have basic care. I'm currently shopping for the right medical insurance for her. So just give me til friday morning. Thats when i.ll see the major person that can guide me to the right insurance.
ham	I'm going 4 lunch now wif my family then aft dat i go str 2 orchard lor.
spam	HMV BONUS SPECIAL 500 pounds of genuine HMV vouchers to be won. Just answer 4 easy questions. Play Now! Send HMV to 86688 More info:www.100percent-real.com
ham	Is she replying. Has boye changed his phone number
ham	Hurt me... Tease me... Make me cry... But in the end of my life when i die plz keep one rose on my grave and say STUPID I MISS U.. HAVE A NICE DAY BSLVYL
ham	Meanwhile in the shit suite: xavier decided to give us  &lt;#&gt;  seconds of warning that samantha was coming over and is playing jay's guitar to impress her or some shit. Also I don't think doug realizes I don't live here anymore
ham	No break time one... How... I come out n get my stuff fr Ì_?
ham	Hey! There's veggie pizza... :/
ham	I thought i'd get him a watch, just cos thats the kind of thing u get4an18th. And he loves so much!
ham	Nope... C Ì_ then...
ham	Then ur physics get a-?
spam	Free entry in 2 a weekly comp for a chance to win an ipod. Txt POD to 80182 to get entry (std txt rate) T&C's apply 08452810073 for details 18+
ham	Hey... Why dont we just go watch x men and have lunch... Haha 
spam	For taking part in our mobile survey yesterday! You can now have 500 texts 2 use however you wish. 2 get txts just send TXT to 80160 T&C www.txt43.com 1.50p
ham	I can't believe how attached I am to seeing you every day. I know you will do the best you can to get to me babe. I will go to teach my class at your midnight
ham	Fine am simply sitting.
ham	Hey next sun 1030 there's a basic yoga course... at bugis... We can go for that... Pilates intro next sat.... Tell me what time you r free
ham	Cos darren say Ì_ considering mah so i ask Ì_...
spam	You are a winner U have been specially selected 2 receive å£1000 cash or a 4* holiday (flights inc) speak to a live operator 2 claim 0871277810810
ham	Thanks for this hope you had a good day today
ham	Sorry, I can't help you on this.
ham	Each Moment in a day,has its own value-Morning brings hope,afternoon brings faith,Evening brings luv,Night brings rest,Wish u find them all today.Good Morning
ham	Ok... The theory test? when are Ì_ going to book? I think it's on 21 may. Coz thought wanna go out with jiayin. But she isnt free
ham	Yes, princess. Are you going to make me moan?
ham	I got it before the new year cos yetunde said she wanted to surprise you with it but when i didnt see money i returned it mid january before the  &lt;#&gt; day return period ended.
spam	Free entry in 2 a wkly comp to win FA Cup final tkts 21st May 2005. Text FA to 87121 to receive entry question(std txt rate)T&C's apply 08452810075over18's
ham	That's significant but dont worry.
ham	Wishing you a beautiful day. Each moment revealing even more things to keep you smiling. Do enjoy it.
ham	Ok lor... Or u wan me go look 4 u?
ham	Got it..mail panren paru..
ham	You are a very very very very bad girl. Or lady.
ham	Ok i found dis pierre cardin one which looks normal costs 20 its on sale.
ham	Now am free call me pa.
ham	Have a good evening! Ttyl
ham	May i call You later Pls
ham	\ER
ham	Then why you came to hostel.
ham	Yo, any way we could pick something up tonight?
ham	Wherre's my boytoy ? :-(
ham	I think chennai well settled?
ham	Am watching house ‰ÛÒ very entertaining ‰ÛÒ am getting the whole hugh laurie thing ‰ÛÒ even with the stick ‰ÛÒ indeed especially with the stick.
ham	Oh ya ya. I remember da. .
ham	Gud ni8 dear..slp well..take care..swt dreams..Muah..
ham	Here got lots of hair dresser fr china.
ham	Joy's father is John. Then John is the NAME of Joy's father. Mandan
ham	ÌÏ still got lessons?  ÌÏ in sch?
spam	Want 2 get laid tonight? Want real Dogging locations sent direct 2 ur mob? Join the UK's largest Dogging Network bt Txting GRAVEL to 69888! Nt. ec2a. 31p.msg@150p
ham	They just talking thats it de. They wont any other.
ham	Going to join tomorrow.
ham	Sure, I'll see if I can come by in a bit
ham	I'm meeting Darren...
ham	Dip's cell dead. So i m coming with him. U better respond else we shall come back.
ham	Yo we are watching a movie on netflix
ham	Ok i am on the way to home hi hi
ham	Theoretically yeah, he could be able to come
ham	What is important is that you prevent dehydration by giving her enough fluids
ham	Stop knowing me so well!
ham	Well I'm going to be an aunty!
ham	Received, understood n acted upon!
ham	I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
ham	Good Morning plz call me sir
ham	Helloooo... Wake up..! \Sweet\" \"morning\" \"welcomes\" \"You\" \"Enjoy\" \"This Day\" \"with full of joy\".. \"GUD MRNG\"."
ham	The hair cream has not been shipped.
ham	Oh and by the way you do have more food in your fridge! Want to go out for a meal tonight? 
ham	What time you thinkin of goin?
ham	Cool, I'll text you when I'm on the way
ham	Are you going to wipro interview today?
spam	FreeMsg: Claim ur 250 SMS messages-Text OK to 84025 now!Use web2mobile 2 ur mates etc. Join Txt250.com for 1.50p/wk. T&C BOX139, LA32WU. 16 . Remove txtX or stop
ham	HI ITS JESS I DONT KNOW IF YOU ARE AT WORK BUT CALL ME WHEN U CAN IM AT HOME ALL EVE. XXX
ham	Yup, no need. I'll jus wait 4 e rain 2 stop.
ham	Japanese Proverb: If one Can do it, U too Can do it, If none Can do it,U must do it Indian version: If one Can do it, LET HIM DO it.. If none Can do it,LEAVE it!! And finally Kerala version: If one can do it, Stop him doing it.. If none can do it, Make a strike against it ...
ham	Ok.ok ok..then..whats ur todays plan
ham	U repeat e instructions again. Wat's e road name of ur house?
ham	Ok...
ham	I thk u dun haf 2 hint in e forum already lor... Cos i told ron n darren is going 2 tell shuhui.
ham	Oooh bed ridden ey? What are YOU thinking of?
ham	I keep ten rs in my shelf:) buy two egg.
spam	Save money on wedding lingerie at www.bridal.petticoatdreams.co.uk Choose from a superb selection with national delivery. Brought to you by WeddingFriend
ham	Lol ... Oh no babe, I wont be sliding into your place after midnight, but thanks for the invite
spam	PRIVATE! Your 2004 Account Statement for 07742676969 shows 786 unredeemed Bonus Points. To claim call 08719180248 Identifier Code: 45239 Expires
ham	What part of \don't initiate\" don't you understand"
ham	Realy sorry-i don't recognise this number and am now confused :) who r u please?! 
ham	Dude sux for snake. He got old and raiden got buff
spam	This is the 2nd time we have tried 2 contact u. U have won the 750 Pound prize. 2 claim is easy, call 08712101358 NOW! Only 10p per min. BT-national-rate
ham	Now that you have started dont stop. Just pray for more good ideas and anything i see that can help you guys i.ll forward you a link.
ham	I have to take exam with in march 3
ham	So i asked how's anthony. Dad. And your bf
ham	Good afternoon, my love. How goes your day ? What are you up to ? I woke early and am online waiting for you ... Hmmm ... Italian boy is online I see . *grins*
ham	Every King Was Once A Crying Baby And Every Great Building Was Once A Map.. Not Imprtant Where U r TODAY, BUT Where U Wil Reach TOMORW. Gud ni8
ham	Your right! I'll make the appointment right now.
ham	Oops sorry. Just to check that you don't mind picking me up tomo at half eight from station. Would that be ok?
ham	Pls confirm the time to collect the cheque.
ham	Oh thats late! Well have a good night and i will give u a call tomorrow. Iam now going to go to sleep night night
ham	Cool, want me to go to kappa or should I meet you outside mu
ham	Sorry i'm not free...
ham	Why tired what special there you had
ham	Tunji, how's the queen? how are you doing. This is just wishing you a great day. Abiola.
ham	&lt;#&gt;  w jetton ave if you forgot
ham	I sent them. Do you like?
ham	Stop calling everyone saying I might have cancer. My throat hurts to talk. I can't be answering everyones calls. If I get one more call I'm not babysitting on Monday
ham	Awesome, plan to get here any time after like  &lt;#&gt; , I'll text you details in a wee bit
ham	Is that what time you want me to come?
ham	Ok.. ÌÏ finishing soon?
ham	If you still havent collected the dough pls let me know so i can go to the place i sent it to get the control number
ham	2mro i am not coming to gym machan. Goodnight.
ham	Can i meet Ì_ at 5.. As 4 where depends on where Ì_ wan 2 in lor..
spam	Spook up your mob with a Halloween collection of a logo & pic message plus a free eerie tone, txt CARD SPOOK to 8007 zed 08701417012150p per logo/pic
spam	Urgent! call 09061749602 from Landline. Your complimentary 4* Tenerife Holiday or å£10,000 cash await collection SAE T&Cs BOX 528 HP20 1YF 150ppm 18+
ham	I actually did for the first time in a while. I went to bed not too long after i spoke with you. Woke up at 7. How was your night?
ham	I have gone into get info bt dont know what to do
spam	Urgent! Please call 09061213237 from landline. å£5000 cash or a luxury 4* Canary Islands Holiday await collection. T&Cs SAE PO Box 177. M227XY. 150ppm. 16+
ham	Solve d Case : A Man Was Found Murdered On  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; . &lt;#&gt;  AfterNoon. 1,His wife called Police. 2,Police questioned everyone. 3,Wife: Sir,I was sleeping, when the murder took place. 4.Cook: I was cooking. 5.Gardener: I was picking vegetables. 6.House-Maid: I went 2 d post office. 7.Children: We went 2 play. 8.Neighbour: We went 2 a marriage. Police arrested d murderer Immediately. Who's It? Reply With Reason, If U r Brilliant.
spam	Valentines Day Special! Win over å£1000 in our quiz and take your partner on the trip of a lifetime! Send GO to 83600 now. 150p/msg rcvd. CustCare:08718720201
ham	But you dint in touch with me.
ham	Your gonna have to pick up a $1 burger for yourself on your way home. I can't even move. Pain is killing me.
ham	Sorry, went to bed early, nightnight
spam	Reply to win å£100 weekly! Where will the 2006 FIFA World Cup be held? Send STOP to 87239 to end service
ham	U come n search tat vid..not finishd..
ham	K I'll take care of it
ham	I have a sore throat. It's scratches when I talk
ham	if you aren't here in the next  &lt;#&gt;  hours imma flip my shit
ham	I like to think there's always the possibility of being in a pub later.
ham	somewhere out there beneath the pale moon light someone think in of u some where out there where dreams come true... goodnite &amp; sweet dreams
ham	No screaming means shouting..
ham	Watching cartoon, listening music &amp; at eve had to go temple &amp; church.. What about u?
ham	I will reach office around  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; . &amp; my mobile have problem. You cann't get my voice. So call you asa i'll free
ham	Howz that persons story
spam	YOUR CHANCE TO BE ON A REALITY FANTASY SHOW call now = 08707509020 Just 20p per min NTT Ltd, PO Box 1327 Croydon CR9 5WB 0870 is a national = rate call.
ham	ÌÏ bot notes oredi... Cos i juz rem i got...
spam	Got what it takes 2 take part in the WRC Rally in Oz? U can with Lucozade Energy! Text RALLY LE to 61200 (25p), see packs or lucozade.co.uk/wrc & itcould be u!
ham	Just checking in on you. Really do miss seeing Jeremiah. Do have a great month
ham	Whom you waited for yesterday
ham	I'm aight. Wat's happening on your side.
spam	Text PASS to 69669 to collect your polyphonic ringtones. Normal gprs charges apply only. Enjoy your tones
ham	Ok... I din get ur msg...
ham	Wat r u doing now?
ham	Ok.
ham	Excellent! Are you ready to moan and scream in ecstasy?
ham	Super msg da:)nalla timing.
ham	Well i know Z will take care of me. So no worries.
ham	Pls speak to that customer machan.
ham	What about this one then.
ham	I'm working technical support :)voice process.networking field.
ham	Glad it went well :) come over at 11 then we'll have plenty of time before claire goes to work.
spam	Congratulations! Thanks to a good friend U have WON the å£2,000 Xmas prize. 2 claim is easy, just call 08718726971 NOW! Only 10p per minute. BT-national-rate.
ham	Don know. I did't msg him recently.
ham	No no:)this is kallis home ground.amla home town is durban:)
ham	Just send a text. We'll skype later.
spam	New Mobiles from 2004, MUST GO! Txt: NOKIA to No: 89545 & collect yours today! From ONLY å£1. www.4-tc.biz 2optout 087187262701.50gbp/mtmsg18 TXTAUCTION.
ham	A guy who gets used but is too dumb to realize it.
ham	Sorry de i went to shop.
spam	Send a logo 2 ur lover - 2 names joined by a heart. Txt LOVE NAME1 NAME2 MOBNO eg LOVE ADAM EVE 07123456789 to 87077 Yahoo! POBox36504W45WQ TxtNO 4 no ads 150p
ham	Shall i come to get pickle
ham	Umma my life and vava umma love you lot dear
ham	HI DARLIN I FINISH AT 3 DO U 1 2 PICK ME UP OR MEET ME? TEXT BACK ON THIS NUMBER LUV KATE XXX
ham	S but mostly not like that.
spam	I don't know u and u don't know me. Send CHAT to 86688 now and let's find each other! Only 150p/Msg rcvd. HG/Suite342/2Lands/Row/W1J6HL LDN. 18 years or over.
ham	I will treasure every moment we spend together...
ham	No problem baby. Is this is a good time to talk? I called and left a message.
ham	Fighting with the world is easy, u either win or lose bt fightng with some1 who is close to u is dificult if u lose - u lose if u win - u still lose.
ham	Just sent you an email ‰ÛÒ to an address with incomm in it, is that right?
ham	Hey babe, how's it going ? Did you ever figure out where your going for New Years ?
ham	So what u doing today?
ham	I could ask carlos if we could get more if anybody else can chip in
ham	No. I.ll meet you in the library
ham	Sure, whenever you show the fuck up &gt;:(
ham	Good. No swimsuit allowed :)
ham	Stupid.its not possible
ham	Please protect yourself from e-threats. SIB never asks for sensitive information like Passwords,ATM/SMS PIN thru email. Never share your password with anybody.
ham	Dear got bus directly to calicut
ham	U need my presnts always bcz U cant mis love. \jeevithathile irulinae neekunna prakasamanu sneham\" prakasam ennal prabha 'That mns prabha is'LOVE' Got it. Dont mis me...."
ham	They have a thread on the wishlist section of the forums where ppl post nitro requests. Start from the last page and collect from the bottom up.
ham	Yeah that's what I thought, lemme know if anything's goin on later
ham	You bad girl. I can still remember them
ham	Ya ok, vikky vl c witin  &lt;#&gt; mins and il reply u..
ham	He will, you guys close?
ham	What time should I tell my friend to be around?
ham	U calling me right? Call my hand phone...
ham	Gud mrng dear have a nice day
ham	U still painting ur wall?
ham	Come round, it's . 
ham	Now only i reached home. . . I am very tired now. . I will come tomorro
spam	FREE camera phones with linerental from 4.49/month with 750 cross ntwk mins. 1/2 price txt bundle deals also avble. Call 08001950382 or call2optout/J MF
spam	URGENT! We are trying to contact U Todays draw shows that you have won a å£800 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09050000460 from land line. Claim J89. po box245c2150pm
ham	Nice.nice.how is it working?
ham	Ok c Ì_ then.
ham	Wait that's still not all that clear, were you not sure about me being sarcastic or that that's why x doesn't want to live with us
ham	Ryder unsold.now gibbs.
ham	Hi mate its RV did u hav a nice hol just a message 3 say hello coz havenåÕt sent u 1 in ages started driving so stay off roads!RVx
ham	My mobile number.pls sms ur mail id.convey regards to achan,amma.Rakhesh.Qatar
ham	Ever green quote ever told by Jerry in cartoon \A Person Who Irritates u Always Is the one Who Loves u Vry Much But Fails to Express It...!..!! :-) :-) gud nyt"
ham	Future is not what we planned for tomorrow.....! it is the result of what we do today...! Do the best in present... enjoy the future.
spam	Do you want a New Nokia 3510i colour phone DeliveredTomorrow? With 300 free minutes to any mobile + 100 free texts + Free Camcorder reply or call 08000930705.
ham	Ok but knackered. Just came home and went to sleep! Not good at this full time work lark.
ham	Cos i was out shopping wif darren jus now n i called him 2 ask wat present he wan lor. Then he started guessing who i was wif n he finally guessed darren lor.
ham	Message from . I am at Truro Hospital on ext. You can phone me here. as I have a phone by my side
spam	You have been specially selected to receive a \3000 award! Call 08712402050 BEFORE the lines close. Cost 10ppm. 16+. T&Cs apply. AG Promo"
ham	In fact when do you leave? I think addie goes back to school tues or wed
spam	Thanks for your subscription to Ringtone UK your mobile will be charged å£5/month Please confirm by replying YES or NO. If you reply NO you will not be charged
ham	Den only weekdays got special price... Haiz... Cant eat liao... Cut nails oso muz wait until i finish drivin wat, lunch still muz eat wat... 
spam	FREE for 1st week! No1 Nokia tone 4 ur mob every week just txt NOKIA to 8007 Get txting and tell ur mates www.getzed.co.uk POBox 36504 W45WQ norm150p/tone 16+
spam	Gr8 Poly tones 4 ALL mobs direct 2u rply with POLY TITLE to 8007 eg POLY BREATHE1 Titles: CRAZYIN, SLEEPINGWITH, FINEST, YMCA :getzed.co.uk POBox365O4W45WQ 300p
ham	I've sent my wife your text. After we buy them she'll tell you what to do. So just relax. We should go get them this wkend.
ham	Hi, Mobile no.  &lt;#&gt;  has added you in their contact list on www.fullonsms.com It s a great place to send free sms to people For more visit fullonsms.com
ham	Finally the match heading towards draw as your prediction.
ham	Mum not going robinson already.
ham	The LAY MAN! Just to let you know you are missed and thought off. Do have a great day. And if you can send me bimbo and ugo's numbers, ill appreciate. Safe
ham	Yup i thk so until e shop closes lor.
ham	Oops my phone died and I didn't even know. Yeah I like it better.
ham	Cos i want it to be your thing
ham	Boy; I love u Grl: Hogolo Boy: gold chain kodstini Grl: Agalla Boy: necklace madstini Grl: agalla Boy: Hogli 1 mutai eerulli kodthini! Grl: I love U kano;-)
ham	Are you ok. What happen to behave like this
ham	It's ok i noe u're busy but i'm really too bored so i msg u. I oso dunno wat colour she choose 4 me one.
spam	Someone U know has asked our dating service 2 contact you! Cant guess who? CALL 09058095107 NOW all will be revealed. POBox 7, S3XY 150p 
ham	When you guys planning on coming over?
ham	Gettin rdy to ship comp
ham	U still havent got urself a jacket ah?
ham	Shall i send that exe to your mail id.
ham	Nah, Wednesday. When should I bring the mini cheetos bag over?
ham	Thanks da thangam, i feel very very happy dear. I also miss you da.
ham	I borrow ur bag ok.
spam	Oh my god! I've found your number again! I'm so glad, text me back xafter this msgs cst std ntwk chg å£1.50
ham	And how you will do that, princess? :)
spam	Welcome! Please reply with your AGE and GENDER to begin. e.g 24M
ham	Both :) i shoot big loads so get ready!
ham	Aight I'll grab something to eat too, text me when you're back at mu
ham	Well. Im computerless. Time to make some oreo truffles
ham	Actually nvm, got hella cash, we still on for  &lt;#&gt; ish?
ham	Dont pack what you can buy at any store.like cereals. If you must pack food, pack gari or something 9ja that you will miss.
ham	When should I come over?
ham	Lol ... I really need to remember to eat when I'm drinking but I do appreciate you keeping me company that night babe *smiles*
ham	Yes princess! I want to make you happy...
ham	Go until jurong point, crazy.. Available only in bugis n great world la e buffet... Cine there got amore wat...
ham	Wait 2 min..stand at bus stop
spam	from www.Applausestore.com MonthlySubscription@50p/msg max6/month T&CsC web age16 2stop txt stop
spam	URGENT! You have won a 1 week FREE membership in our å£100,000 Prize Jackpot! Txt the word: CLAIM to No: 81010 T&C www.dbuk.net LCCLTD POBOX 4403LDNW1A7RW18
ham	It's ok i wun b angry. Msg u aft i come home tonight.
ham	Allo! We have braved the buses and taken on the trains and triumphed. I mean we‰Û÷re in b‰Û÷ham. Have a jolly good rest of week
ham	Ah, well that confuses things, doesnt it? I thought was friends with now. Maybe i did the wrong thing but i already sort of invited -tho he may not come cos of money.
ham	I'm at home n ready...
ham	Ok cool. See ya then.
ham	Sorry, I guess whenever I can get a hold of my connections, maybe an hour or two? I'll text you
ham	Is there a reason we've not spoken this year? Anyways have a great week and all the best in your exam
ham	Really... I tot ur paper ended long ago... But wat u copied jus now got use? U happy lar... I still haf 2 study :-(
spam	important information 4 orange user . today is your lucky day!2find out why log onto http://www.urawinner.com THERE'S A FANTASTIC SURPRISE AWAITING YOU!
ham	K.then any other special?
ham	Dhoni have luck to win some big title.so we will win:)
ham	Yep. I do like the pink furniture tho.
ham	Am slow in using biola's fne
ham	Excellent! Wish we were together right now!
ham	How was txting and driving
ham	C movie is juz last minute decision mah. Juz watch 2 lar but i tot Ì_ not interested.
ham	Hey are we going for the lo lesson or gym? 
ham	Do you like Italian food?
ham	Pass dis to all ur contacts n see wat u get! Red;i'm in luv wid u. Blue;u put a smile on my face. Purple;u r realy hot. Pink;u r so swt. Orange;i thnk i lyk u. Green;i realy wana go out wid u. Yelow;i wnt u bck. Black;i'm jealous of u. Brown;i miss you Nw plz giv me one color
ham	Haha, that was the first person I was gonna ask
ham	hows my favourite person today? r u workin hard? couldn't sleep again last nite nearly rang u at 4.30
ham	Have you bookedthe hut? And also your time off? How are you by the way?
spam	URGENT We are trying to contact you Last weekends draw shows u have won a å£1000 prize GUARANTEED Call 09064017295 Claim code K52 Valid 12hrs 150p pm
ham	Depends on quality. If you want the type i sent boye, faded glory, then about 6. If you want ralphs maybe 2
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
spam	UpgrdCentre Orange customer, you may now claim your FREE CAMERA PHONE upgrade for your loyalty. Call now on 0207 153 9153. Offer ends 26th July. T&C's apply. Opt-out available
ham	Wife.how she knew the time of murder exactly
ham	Nothing will ever be easy. But don't be looking for a reason not to take a risk on life and love
ham	\Gimme a few\" was  &lt;#&gt;  minutes ago"
ham	Ok. So april. Cant wait
ham	Ball is moving a lot.will spin in last :)so very difficult to bat:)
ham	Okie
spam	You've won tkts to the EURO2004 CUP FINAL or å£800 CASH, to collect CALL 09058099801 b4190604, POBOX 7876150ppm
ham	And by when you're done I mean now
ham	Sorry, it's a lot of friend-of-a-friend stuff, I'm just now about to talk to the actual guy who wants to buy
spam	Win the newest ‰ÛÏHarry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix (Book 5) reply HARRY, answer 5 questions - chance to be the first among readers!
ham	Dunno lei... I might b eatin wif my frens... If Ì_ wan to eat then i wait 4 Ì_ lar
ham	I think just yourself ‰Û_Thanks and see you tomo
ham	Are you free now?can i call now?
ham	Dear friends, sorry for the late information. Today is the birthday of our loving Ar.Praveesh. for more details log on to face book and see. Its his number + &lt;#&gt; . Dont miss a delicious treat.
ham	How are you holding up?
ham	I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
ham	Bring tat cd don forget
ham	Send this to ur friends and receive something about ur voice..... How is my speaking expression? 1.childish 2.naughty 3.Sentiment 4.rowdy 5.ful of attitude 6.romantic 7.shy 8.Attractive 9.funny  &lt;#&gt; .irritating  &lt;#&gt; .lovable. reply me..
ham	K do I need a login or anything
ham	I hope your pee burns tonite.
ham	K:)eng rocking in ashes:)
spam	Text BANNEDUK to 89555 to see! cost 150p textoperator g696ga 18+ XXX
ham	Lets use it next week, princess :)
ham	O was not into fps then.
ham	This is all just creepy and crazy to me.
spam	FREE MESSAGE Activate your 500 FREE Text Messages by replying to this message with the word FREE For terms & conditions, visit www.07781482378.com
spam	You have won a Nokia 7250i. This is what you get when you win our FREE auction. To take part send Nokia to 86021 now. HG/Suite342/2Lands Row/W1JHL 16+
ham	We have sent JD for Customer Service cum Accounts Executive to ur mail id, For details contact us
ham	No it's waiting in e car dat's bored wat. Cos wait outside got nothing 2 do. At home can do my stuff or watch tv wat.
ham	What I'm saying is if you haven't explicitly told nora I know someone I'm probably just not gonna bother
ham	* Was a nice day and, impressively, i was sensible, went home early and now feel fine. Or am i just boring?! When's yours, i can't remember.
ham	V skint too but fancied few bevies.waz gona go meet &othrs in spoon but jst bin watchng planet earth&sofa is v comfey; If i dont make it hav gd night
ham	Shall I bring us a bottle of wine to keep us amused? Only joking! I‰Û÷ll bring one anyway
ham	Dont gimme that lip caveboy
ham	Why are u up so early?
ham	X2  &lt;#&gt; . Are you going to get that
ham	I'm gonna be home soon and i don't want to talk about this stuff anymore tonight, k? I've cried enough today.
ham	Dear we got  &lt;#&gt;  dollars hi hi
ham	Hello lover! How goes that new job? Are you there now? Are you happy? Do you think of me? I wake, my slave and send you a teasing kiss from across the sea
ham	K will do, addie &amp; I are doing some art so I'll be here when you get home
ham	You know, wot people wear. T shirts, jumpers, hat, belt, is all we know. We r at Cribbs
ham	Did you get any gift? This year i didnt get anything. So bad
ham	This is one of the days you have a billion classes, right?
ham	Long beach lor. Expected... U having dinner now?
ham	Its not that time of the month nor mid of the time?
ham	I've got ten bucks, jay is being noncomittal
ham	OK i'm waliking ard now... Do u wan me 2 buy anything go ur house?
ham	Goodmorning, today i am late for  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; min.
ham	I want to go to perumbavoor
ham	Play w computer? Aiyah i tok 2 u lor?
ham	So what did the bank say about the money?
spam	FREE for 1st week! No1 Nokia tone 4 ur mobile every week just txt NOKIA to 8077 Get txting and tell ur mates. www.getzed.co.uk POBox 36504 W45WQ 16+ norm150p/tone
ham	Life style garments account no please.
ham	Merry christmas to u too annie!
ham	IM FINE BABES AINT BEEN UP 2 MUCH THO! SAW SCARY MOVIE YEST ITS QUITE FUNNY! WANT 2MRW AFTERNOON? AT TOWN OR MALL OR SUMTHIN?xx
ham	Then. You are eldest know.
ham	In other news after hassling me to get him weed for a week andres has no money. HAUGHAIGHGTUJHYGUJ
ham	I miss you so much I'm so desparate I have recorded the message you left for me the other day and listen to it just to hear the sound of your voice. I love you
ham	Faith makes things possible,Hope makes things work,Love makes things beautiful,May you have all three this Christmas!Merry Christmas!
ham	Storming msg: Wen u lift d phne, u say \HELLO\" Do u knw wt is d real meaning of HELLO?? . . . It's d name of a girl..! . . . Yes.. And u knw who is dat girl?? \"Margaret Hello\" She is d girlfrnd f Grahmbell who invnted telphone... . . . . Moral:One can 4get d name of a person
ham	When are you guys leaving?
ham	Are u coming to the funeral home
spam	Summers finally here! Fancy a chat or flirt with sexy singles in yr area? To get MATCHED up just reply SUMMER now. Free 2 Join. OptOut txt STOP Help08714742804
ham	Okey dokey swashbuckling stuff what oh.
ham	1) Go to write msg 2) Put on Dictionary mode 3)Cover the screen with hand, 4)Press  &lt;#&gt; . 5)Gently remove Ur hand.. Its interesting..:)
spam	Sunshine Quiz Wkly Q! Win a top Sony DVD player if u know which country Liverpool played in mid week? Txt ansr to 82277. å£1.50 SP:Tyrone
spam	Urgent! call 09066350750 from your landline. Your complimentary 4* Ibiza Holiday or 10,000 cash await collection SAE T&Cs PO BOX 434 SK3 8WP 150 ppm 18+ 
ham	U meet other fren dun wan meet me ah... Muz b a guy rite...
ham	Lul im gettin some juicy gossip at the hospital. Two nurses are talking about how fat they are gettin. And one thinks shes obese. Oyea.
ham	I am in tirupur da, once you started from office call me.
ham	Do u noe wat time e place dat sells 4d closes?
spam	Well done ENGLAND! Get the official poly ringtone or colour flag on yer mobile! text TONE or FLAG to 84199 NOW! Opt-out txt ENG STOP. Box39822 W111WX å£1.50
ham	Aiyah ok wat as long as got improve can already wat...
spam	YOU ARE CHOSEN TO RECEIVE A å£350 AWARD! Pls call claim number 09066364311 to collect your award which you are selected to receive as a valued mobile customer.
ham	Good afternoon sexy buns! How goes the job search ? I wake and you are my first thought as always, my love. I wish your fine and happy and know I adore you!
ham	Dunno cos i was v late n when i reach they inside already... But we ate spageddies lor... It's e gals who r laughing at me lor...
ham	Fuck cedar key and fuck her (come over anyway tho)
ham	How much are we getting?
ham	How to Make a girl Happy? It's not at all difficult to make girls happy. U only need to be... 1. A friend 2. Companion 3. Lover 4. Chef . . .  &lt;#&gt; . Good listener  &lt;#&gt; . Organizer  &lt;#&gt; . Good boyfriend  &lt;#&gt; . Very clean  &lt;#&gt; . Sympathetic  &lt;#&gt; . Athletic  &lt;#&gt; . Warm . . .  &lt;#&gt; . Courageous  &lt;#&gt; . Determined  &lt;#&gt; . True  &lt;#&gt; . Dependable  &lt;#&gt; . Intelligent . . .  &lt;#&gt; . Psychologist  &lt;#&gt; . Pest exterminator  &lt;#&gt; . Psychiatrist  &lt;#&gt; . Healer . .  &lt;#&gt; . Stylist  &lt;#&gt; . Driver . . Aaniye pudunga venaam..
ham	Sorry i've not gone to that place. I.ll do so tomorrow. Really sorry.
spam	Want explicit SEX in 30 secs? Ring 02073162414 now! Costs 20p/min
ham	Lol they were mad at first but then they woke up and gave in.
ham	Anything lor if they all go then i go lor...
ham	I thk Ì_ gotta go home by urself. Cos i'll b going out shopping 4 my frens present. 
ham	sir, you will receive the account no another 1hr time. Sorry for the delay.
ham	So how's the weather over there?
ham	Ok i've sent u da latest version of da project.
ham	Miss ya, need ya, want ya, love ya.
ham	Yes:)here tv is always available in work place..
ham	Really? I crashed out cuddled on my sofa.
ham	Eek that's a lot of time especially since American Pie is like 8 minutes long. I can't stop singing it.
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	Yeah, probably earlier than that
spam	PRIVATE! Your 2003 Account Statement for 078
spam	Congrats! Nokia 3650 video camera phone is your Call 09066382422 Calls cost 150ppm Ave call 3mins vary from mobiles 16+ Close 300603 post BCM4284 Ldn WC1N3XX
ham	I dont thnk its a wrong calling between us
ham	Ah, well that confuses things, doesn‰Û÷t it?
ham	Yup ok...
ham	If india win or level series means this is record:)
ham	You have to pls make a note of all she.s exposed to. Also find out from her school if anyone else was vomiting. Is there a dog or cat in the house? Let me know later.
ham	Whos this am in class:-)
spam	Great News! Call FREEFONE 08006344447 to claim your guaranteed å£1000 CASH or å£2000 gift. Speak to a live operator NOW!
spam	URGENT! Your mobile No 077xxx WON a å£2,000 Bonus Caller Prize on 02/06/03! This is the 2nd attempt to reach YOU! Call 09066362206 ASAP! BOX97N7QP, 150ppm
ham	Sir, I am waiting for your mail.
spam	FROM 88066 LOST å£12 HELP
ham	Oh baby of the house. How come you dont have any new pictures on facebook
ham	Went fast asleep dear.take care.
ham	Hi Princess! Thank you for the pics. You are very pretty. How are you?
ham	Love it! I want to flood that pretty pussy with cum...
ham	You should get more chicken broth if you want ramen unless there's some I don't know about
ham	Hello my boytoy ... Geeee I miss you already and I just woke up. I wish you were here in bed with me, cuddling me. I love you ...
ham	K.k:)advance happy pongal.
ham	How dare you change my ring
ham	Today iZ Yellow rose day. If u love my frndship give me 1 misscall &amp; send this to ur frndZ &amp; See how many miss calls u get. If u get 6missed U marry ur Lover.
ham	You give us back my id proof and  &lt;#&gt;  rs. We wont allow you to work. We will come to your home within days
ham	Brainless Baby Doll..:-D;-), vehicle sariyag drive madoke barolla..
ham	 &lt;#&gt;  in mca. But not conform.
ham	I was gonna ask you lol but i think its at 7
ham	Hope you are having a great new semester. Do wish you the very best. You are made for greatness.
ham	I've reached already.
spam	A å£400 XMAS REWARD IS WAITING FOR YOU! Our computer has randomly picked you from our loyal mobile customers to receive a å£400 reward. Just call 09066380611 
ham	Nope i'm not drivin... I neva develop da photos lei...
ham	Hi Petey!noiåÕm ok just wanted 2 chat coz avent spoken 2 u 4 a long time-hope ur doin alrite.have good nit at js love ya am.x
ham	Haha... Sounds crazy, dunno can tahan anot...
ham	Ok... Take ur time n enjoy ur dinner...
ham	Ok lor thanx... ÌÏ in school?
ham	Yeah if we do have to get a random dude we need to change our info sheets to PARTY  &lt;#&gt; /7 NEVER STUDY just to be safe
ham	Oh, yes, I've just been a little under the weather so i've kind of been coccooning at home
ham	What time you think you'll have it? Need to know when I should be near campus
ham	Huh means computational science... Y they like dat one push here n there...
ham	Good evening! How are you?
ham	Btw regarding that we should really try to see if anyone else can be our 4th guy before we commit to a random dude
ham	HARD BUT TRUE: How much you show &amp;  express your love to someone....that much it will hurt when they leave you or you get seperated...!Žö´‰Ó_??‹Û¬ud evening...
ham	Hey check it da. I have listed da.
ham	Wishing you and your family Merry \X\" mas and HAPPY NEW Year in advance.."
spam	SMS AUCTION You have won a Nokia 7250i. This is what you get when you win our FREE auction. To take part send Nokia to 86021 now. HG/Suite342/2Lands Row/W1JHL 16+
spam	U are subscribed to the best Mobile Content Service in the UK for å£3 per ten days until you send STOP to 83435. Helpline 08706091795.
ham	Kay... Since we are out already 
ham	I have printed it oh. So  &lt;#&gt;  come upstairs
ham	Watching tv lor... Y she so funny we bluff her 4 wat. Izzit because she thk it's impossible between us?
ham	Yeah no probs - last night is obviously catching up with you... Speak soon 
ham	Cool, text me when you head out
ham	See you there! 
ham	Boooo you always work. Just quit.
ham	Oh sorry please its over
ham	Dont think you need yellow card for uk travel. Ask someone that has gone before. If you do its just  &lt;#&gt; bucks
ham	I will come with karnan car. Please wait till 6pm will directly goto doctor.
ham	Apart from the one i told you about yesterday?
ham	Ill be at yours in about 3 mins but look out for me
ham	Just come home. I don't want u to be miserable
ham	Yeah. I got a list with only u and Joanna if I'm feeling really anti social
ham	Erm. I thought the contract ran out the4th of october.
ham	Den wat will e schedule b lk on sun?
ham	Tell my  bad character which u Dnt lik in me. I'll try to change in  &lt;#&gt; . I ll add tat 2 my new year resolution. Waiting for ur reply.Be frank...good morning.
ham	aathi..where are you dear..
ham	I'm already back home so no probably not
ham	U call me alter at 11 ok.
ham	He is a womdarfull actor
ham	This girl does not stay in bed. This girl doesn't need recovery time. Id rather pass out while having fun then be cooped up in bed
ham	Jos ask if u wana meet up?
ham	You still coming tonight?
ham	May b approve panalam...but it should have more posts..
spam	Good Luck! Draw takes place 28th Feb 06. Good Luck! For removal send STOP to 87239 customer services 08708034412
ham	ÌÏ v ma fan...
ham	But my family not responding for anything. Now am in room not went to home for diwali but no one called me and why not coming. It makes me feel like died.
ham	Anything...
ham	I wonder how you got online, my love ? Had you gone to the net cafe ? Did you get your phone recharged ? Were you on a friends net ? I think of you, boytoy
ham	\YEH I AM DEF UP4 SOMETHING SAT
ham	Sry da..jst nw only i came to home..
ham	Mm have some kanji dont eat anything heavy ok
ham	No. Did you multimedia message them or e-mail?
ham	7 wonders in My WORLD 7th You 6th Ur style 5th Ur smile 4th Ur Personality 3rd Ur Nature 2nd Ur SMS and 1st \Ur Lovely Friendship\"... good morning dear"
ham	Yo, you at jp and hungry like a mofo?
ham	Hmm .. Bits and pieces lol ... *sighs* ...
ham	Yo do you know anyone  &lt;#&gt;  or otherwise able to buy liquor? Our guy flaked and right now if we don't get a hold of somebody its just 4 loko all night
ham	Trust me. Even if isn't there, its there.
ham	Idea will soon get converted to live:)
ham	Yar... I tot u knew dis would happen long ago already.
ham	At home watching tv lor.
spam	IMPORTANT MESSAGE. This is a final contact attempt. You have important messages waiting out our customer claims dept. Expires 13/4/04. Call 08717507382 NOW!
ham	Aiyah sorry lor... I watch tv watch until i forgot 2 check my phone.
ham	Pls send me the correct name da.
ham	\What are youdoing later? Sar xxx\""
ham	I taught that Ranjith sir called me. So only i sms like that. Becaus hes verifying about project. Prabu told today so only pa dont mistake me..
ham	You'll never believe this but i have actually got off at taunton. Wow
ham	Ok., is any problem to u frm him? Wats matter?
ham	But really quite funny lor wat... Then u shd haf run shorter distance wat...
ham	Looks like u wil b getting a headstart im leaving here bout 2.30ish but if u r desperate for my company I could head in earlier-we were goin to meet in rummer.
ham	That seems unnecessarily hostile
spam	Sunshine Hols. To claim ur med holiday send a stamped self address envelope to Drinks on Us UK, PO Box 113, Bray, Wicklow, Eire. Quiz Starts Saturday! Unsub Stop
ham	I have 2 docs appointments next week.:/ I'm tired of them shoving stuff up me. Ugh why couldn't I have had a normal body?
spam	88800 and 89034 are premium phone services call 08718711108
ham	Oh god. I'm gonna Google nearby cliffs now.
ham	Wow v v impressed. Have funs shopping!
ham	Yeah, give me a call if you've got a minute
ham	Remember to ask alex about his pizza
ham	Sorry da thangam, very very sorry i am held up with prasad.
spam	Urgent Please call 09066612661 from landline. å£5000 cash or a luxury 4* Canary Islands Holiday await collection. T&Cs SAE award. 20M12AQ. 150ppm. 16+ ‰ÛÏ
ham	She's borderline but yeah whatever.
ham	Okay... We wait ah
ham	(That said can you text him one more time?)
spam	PRIVATE! Your 2003 Account Statement for shows 800 un-redeemed S.I.M. points. Call 08715203685 Identifier Code:4xx26 Expires 13/10/04
ham	Sos! Any amount i can get pls.
ham	Ok...
ham	U sure u can't take any sick time?
spam	Panasonic & BluetoothHdset FREE. Nokia FREE. Motorola FREE & DoubleMins & DoubleTxt on Orange contract. Call MobileUpd8 on 08000839402 or call 2optout
ham	Hi dude hw r u da realy mising u today
ham	Have you always been saying welp?
ham	Hey.. Something came up last min.. Think i wun be signing up tmr.. Hee
ham	I got a call from a landline number. . . I am asked to come to anna nagar . . . I will go in the afternoon
ham	Do u knw dis no. &lt;#&gt; ?
ham	Shall i start from hear.
spam	FREE GAME. Get Rayman Golf 4 FREE from the O2 Games Arcade. 1st get UR games settings. Reply POST, then save & activ8. Press 0 key for Arcade. Termsapply
ham	Please ask mummy to call father
ham	Me not waking up until 4 in the afternoon, sup
ham	Sure thing big man. i have hockey elections at 6, shouldn‰Û÷t go on longer than an hour though
ham	I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
ham	Hope ur head doesn't hurt 2 much ! Am ploughing my way through a pile of ironing ! Staying in with a chinky tonight come round if you like.
ham	I anything lor.
ham	But you were together so you should be thinkin about him
ham	There generally isn't one. It's an uncountable noun - u in the dictionary. pieces of research?
ham	I've reached home n i bathe liao... U can call me now...
ham	What do you do, my dog ? Must I always wait till the end of your day to have word from you ? Did you run out of time on your cell already?
ham	Want to finally have lunch today?
spam	INTERFLORA - åÒIt's not too late to order Interflora flowers for christmas call 0800 505060 to place your order before Midnight tomorrow.
ham	Double eviction this week - Spiral and Michael and good riddance to them!
ham	Then its most likely called Mittelschmertz. Google it. If you dont have paracetamol dont worry it will go.
ham	I gotta collect da car at 6 lei.
ham	I pocked you up there before
ham	I call you later, don't have network. If urgnt, sms me.
ham	Dunno y u ask me.
ham	\Response\" is one of d powerful weapon 2 occupy a place in others 'HEART'... So
ham	Hurry home u big butt. Hang up on your last caller if u have to. Food is done and I'm starving. Don't ask what I cooked.
ham	A little. Meds say take once every 8 hours. It's only been 5 but pain is back. So I took another. Hope I don't die
ham	Pls pls find out from aunt nike.
ham	WOT STUDENT DISCOUNT CAN U GET ON BOOKS?
ham	Rose needs water, season needs change, poet needs imagination..My phone needs ur sms and i need ur lovely frndship forever....
ham	\Wen u miss someone
ham	When/where do I pick you up
ham	Good morning, my boytoy! How's those yummy lips ? Where's my sexy buns now ? What do you do ? Do you think of me ? Do you crave me ? Do you need me ?
ham	K, my roommate also wants a dubsack and another friend may also want some so plan on bringing extra, I'll tell you when they know for sure
ham	Sorry. You never hear unless you book it. One was kinda a joke--thet were really looking for skinny white girls. The other was one line--you can only do so much on camera with that. Something like that they're casting on the look.
ham	Probably not, still going over some stuff here
ham	No but the bluray player can
ham	I agree. So i can stop thinkin about ipad. Can you please ask macho the same question.
ham	Hey darlin.. i can pick u up at college if u tell me wen & where 2 mt.. love Pete xx
ham	Sez, hows u & de arab boy? Hope u r all good give my love 2 evry1 love ya eshxxxxxxxxxxx
ham	You are always putting your business out there. You put pictures of your ass on facebook. You are one of the most open people i've ever met. Why would i think a picture of your room would hurt you, make you feel violated.
ham	Yeah work is fine, started last week, all the same stuff as before, dull but easy and guys are fun!
ham	Jay says that you're a double-faggot
ham	Life is more strict than teacher... Bcoz Teacher teaches lesson &amp; then conducts exam, But Life first conducts Exam &amp; then teaches Lessons. Happy morning. . .
spam	You have won a Nokia 7250i. This is what you get when you win our FREE auction. To take part send Nokia to 86021 now. HG/Suite342/2Lands Row/W1JHL 16+
ham	Hey. You got any mail?
ham	I'm in a meeting, call me later at
ham	:-) yeah! Lol. Luckily i didn't have a starring role like you!
ham	Hi..i got the money da:)
ham	Gokila is talking with you aha:)
ham	Sounds like something that someone testing me would sayy
ham	Good Morning my Dear Shijutta........... Have a great &amp; successful day.
ham	Okay but i thought you were the expert
ham	You are gorgeous! keep those pix cumming :) thank you!
ham	I dont knw pa, i just drink milk..
ham	Sorry, I'll call later in meeting
ham	Yeah I am, so I'll leave maybe 7ish?
ham	Beautiful Truth against Gravity.. Read carefully: \Our heart feels light when someone is in it.. But it feels very heavy when someone leaves it..\" GOOD NIGHT"
ham	Tell you what, if you make a little spreadsheet and track whose idea it was to smoke to determine who \smokes too much\" for the entire month of february
ham	The affidavit says  &lt;#&gt;  E Twiggs St, division g, courtroom  &lt;#&gt; , &lt;TIME&gt;  AM. I'll double check and text you again tomorrow
ham	Hows the street where the end of library walk is?
ham	Hello, As per request from  &lt;#&gt;  Rs.5 has been transfered to you
ham	Feel like trying kadeem again? :V
spam	You are being ripped off! Get your mobile content from www.clubmoby.com call 08717509990 poly/true/Pix/Ringtones/Games six downloads for only 3
ham	Please give it 2  or i will pick it up on Tuesday evening about 8 if that is ok.
ham	Yes fine 
ham	Indeed and by the way it was either or - not both !
ham	:) 
ham	Huh... Hyde park not in mel ah, opps, got confused... Anyway, if tt's e best choice den we juz have to take it...
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	No da. . Vijay going to talk in jaya tv
ham	Buzzzz! *grins* Did I buzz your ass? Buzz your chest ? Buzz your cock ? Where do you keep your phone ? Is the vibrator on ? Did you feel it shake ?
ham	Since when, which side, any fever, any vomitin.
ham	His bday real is in april .
ham	Very hurting n meaningful lines ever: \I compromised everything for my love
spam	Natalie (20/F) is inviting you to be her friend. Reply YES-165 or NO-165 See her: www.SMS.ac/u/natalie2k9 STOP? Send STOP FRND to 62468
ham	Its worse if if uses half way then stops. Its better for him to complete it.
ham	I don know account details..i will ask my mom and send you.my mom is out of reach now.
ham	Beautiful tomorrow never comes.. When it comes, it's already TODAY.. In the hunt of beautiful tomorrow don't waste your wonderful TODAY.. GOODMORNING:)
ham	Better. Made up for Friday and stuffed myself like a pig yesterday. Now I feel bleh. But at least its not writhing pain kind of bleh.
ham	Gam gone after outstanding innings.
ham	I'm home...
ham	Then any special there?
ham	So u wan 2 come for our dinner tonight a not?
ham	Yup song bro. No creative. Neva test quality. He said check review online.
ham	\BOO BABE! U ENJOYIN YOURJOB? U SEEMED 2 B GETTIN ON WELL HUNNY!HOPE URE OK?TAKE CARE & IåÕLLSPEAK 2U SOONLOTS OF LOVEME XXXX.\""
ham	Thinkin about someone is all good. No drugs for that
ham	I had askd u a question some hours before. Its answer
ham	I dont understand your message.
ham	I know you mood off today
ham	I not busy juz dun wan 2 go so early.. Hee.. 
ham	Sir, hope your day is going smoothly. i really hoped i wont have to bother you about this. I have some bills that i can't settle this month. I am out of all extra cash. I know this is a challenging time for you also but i have to let you know.
ham	Maybe you should find something else to do instead???
ham	I dont know what to do to come out of this so only am ask questions like this dont mistake me.
ham	Jokin only lar... :-) depends on which phone my father can get lor...
ham	Ok...
ham	here is my new address -apples&pairs&all that malarky
ham	Noice. Text me when you're here
spam	FREEMSG: Our records indicate you may be entitled to 3750 pounds for the Accident you had. To claim for free reply with YES to this msg. To opt out text STOP
ham	Hey i booked the kb on sat already... what other lessons are we going for ah? Keep your sat night free we need to meet and confirm our lodging 
ham	I have a rather prominent bite mark on my right cheek
ham	Hope you are feeling great. Pls fill me in. Abiola
ham	Arngd marriage is while u r walkin unfortuntly a snake bites u. bt love marriage is dancing in frnt of d snake &amp; sayin Bite me, bite me.
ham	Bull. Your plan was to go floating off to IKEA with me without a care in the world. So i have to live with your mess another day.
ham	K, I'll work something out
ham	My birthday is on feb  &lt;#&gt;  da. .
ham	Gd luck 4 ur exams :-)
ham	Wat's my dear doing? Sleeping ah?
ham	ok. I am a gentleman and will treat you with dignity and respect.
ham	No pic. Please re-send.
ham	Hello! How's you and how did saturday go? I was just texting to see if you'd decided to do anything tomo. Not that i'm trying to invite myself or anything!
ham	i am seeking a lady in the street and a freak in the sheets. Is that you?
ham	Lol no. U can trust me.
ham	Cuz ibored. And don wanna study
ham	No I'm in the same boat. Still here at my moms. Check me out on yo. I'm half naked.
ham	You want to go? 
ham	Purity of friendship between two is not about smiling after reading the forwarded message..Its about smiling just by seeing the name. Gud evng musthu
ham	Meeting u is my work. . . Tel me when shall i do my work tomorrow
spam	Fancy a shag? I do.Interested? sextextuk.com txt XXUK SUZY to 69876. Txts cost 1.50 per msg. TnCs on website. X
ham	You all ready for * big day tomorrow?
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	says the  &lt;#&gt;  year old with a man and money. I'm down to my last  &lt;#&gt; . Still waiting for that check.
ham	Hey we can go jazz power yoga hip hop kb and yogasana 
ham	Your opinion about me? 1. Over 2. Jada 3. Kusruthi 4. Lovable 5. Silent 6. Spl character 7. Not matured 8. Stylish 9. Simple Pls reply..
ham	If you can make it any time tonight or whenever you can it's cool, just text me whenever you're around
ham	Well welp is sort of a semiobscure internet thing
spam	RT-KIng Pro Video Club>> Need help? info@ringtoneking.co.uk or call 08701237397 You must be 16+ Club credits redeemable at www.ringtoneking.co.uk! Enjoy!
spam	Please call Amanda with regard to renewing or upgrading your current T-Mobile handset free of charge. Offer ends today. Tel 0845 021 3680 subject to T's and C's
ham	Anything lor but toa payoh got place 2 walk meh...
ham	Unless it's a situation where YOU GO GURL would be more appropriate
ham	Aight, you close by or still down around alex's place?
ham	My drive can only be read. I need to write
ham	Have a good evening! Ttyl
ham	Ok that's great thanx a lot.
spam	Spook up your mob with a Halloween collection of a logo & pic message plus a free eerie tone, txt CARD SPOOK to 8007 zed 08701417012150p per logo/pic 
ham	Thats cool princess! I will cover your face in hot sticky cum :)
ham	I know you are thinkin malaria. But relax, children cant handle malaria. She would have been worse and its gastroenteritis. If she takes enough to replace her loss her temp will reduce. And if you give her malaria meds now she will just vomit. Its a self limiting illness she has which means in a few days it will completely stop
ham	Have you started in skye
ham	I am on the way to ur home
ham	Dear where you will be when i reach there
ham	I'm not. She lip synced with shangela.
ham	I am in a marriage function
ham	Like  &lt;#&gt; , same question
ham	Are you still getting the goods.
ham	Ela kano.,il download, come wen ur free..
ham	Wa, ur openin sentence very formal... Anyway, i'm fine too, juz tt i'm eatin too much n puttin on weight...Haha... So anythin special happened?
ham	Great. So should i send you my account number.
ham	It means u could not keep ur words.
ham	Bloody hell, cant believe you forgot my surname Mr . Ill give u a clue, its spanish and begins with m... 
ham	I'm at work. Please call
ham	Wow so healthy. Old airport rd lor. Cant thk of anything else. But i'll b bathing my dog later.
ham	Hmm... Dunno leh, mayb a bag 4 goigng out dat is not too small. Or jus anything except perfume, smth dat i can keep.
ham	I will reach ur home in  &lt;#&gt;  minutes
ham	Where are you ? You said you would be here when I woke ... :-(
ham	8 at the latest, g's still there if you can scrounge up some ammo and want to give the new ak a try
ham	Hello, yeah i've just got out of the bath and need to do my hair so i'll come up when i'm done, yeah?
ham	Plz note: if anyone calling from a mobile Co. &amp; asks u to type # &lt;#&gt;  or # &lt;#&gt; . Do not do so. Disconnect the call,coz it iz an attempt of 'terrorist' to make use of the sim card no. Itz confirmd by nokia n motorola n has been verified by CNN IBN.
ham	How's my loverboy doing ? What does he do that keeps him from coming to his Queen, hmmm ? Doesn't he ache to speak to me ? Miss me desparately ?
spam	Hi, this is Mandy Sullivan calling from HOTMIX FM...you are chosen to receive å£5000.00 in our Easter Prize draw.....Please telephone 09041940223 to claim before 29/03/05 or your prize will be transferred to someone else....
ham	So can collect ur laptop?
ham	Two fundamentals of cool life: \Walk
ham	Hi. || Do u want | to join me with sts later? || Meeting them at five. || Call u after class.
ham	Surly ill give it to you:-) while coming to review.
ham	And popping &lt;#&gt; ibuprofens was no help.
ham	Easy ah?sen got selected means its good..
ham	Hey leave it. not a big deal:-) take care.
ham	Perhaps * is much easy give your account identification, so i will tomorrow at UNI
ham	How long before you get reply, just defer admission til next semester
ham	How stupid to say that i challenge god.You dont think at all on what i write instead you respond immed.
ham	Customer place i will call you.
ham	Audrie lousy autocorrect
ham	Please tell me not all of my car keys are in your purse
ham	Hope youåÕre not having too much fun without me!! see u tomorrow love jess x
ham	No b4 Thursday
ham	So many people seems to be special at first sight, But only very few will remain special to you till your last sight.. Maintain them till life ends.. Sh!jas
ham	Thats cool. i liked your photos. You are very sexy!
ham	I'm reaching home in 5 min.
ham	And miss vday the parachute and double coins??? U must not know me very well...
ham	Ok, be careful ! Don't text and drive !
ham	Huh so fast... Dat means u havent finished painting?
ham	Dude how do you like the buff wind.
ham	It shall be fine. I have avalarr now. Will hollalater
ham	What's a feathery bowa? Is that something guys have that I don't know about?
ham	Finally it has happened..! Aftr decades..! BEER is now cheaper than PETROL! The goverment expects us to \DRINK\". . . But don't \"DRIVE \""
ham	She ran off with a younger man. we will make pretty babies together :)
ham	Mode men or have you left.
ham	Great! I shoot big loads so get ready!
ham	Have you heard from this week?
ham	I think u have the wrong number.
ham	I realise you are a busy guy and i'm trying not to be a bother. I have to get some exams outta the way and then try the cars. Do have a gr8 day
ham	Just got part Nottingham - 3 hrs 63miles. Good thing i love my man so much, but only doing 40mph. Hey ho
ham	When can Ì_ come out?
ham	i dnt wnt to tlk wid u
ham	Ok lor. I ned 2 go toa payoh 4 a while 2 return smth u wan 2 send me there or wat?
ham	Yup... Hey then one day on fri we can ask miwa and jiayin take leave go karaoke 
ham	I lost 4 pounds since my doc visit last week woot woot! Now I'm gonna celebrate by stuffing my face!
ham	U don't know how stubborn I am. I didn't even want to go to the hospital. I kept telling Mark I'm not a weak sucker. Hospitals are for weak suckers.
ham	She just broke down a list of reasons why nobody's in town and I can't tell if she's being sarcastic or just faggy
ham	No one interested. May be some business plan.
ham	Oh k :)why you got job then whats up?
ham	I am literally in bed and have been up for like  &lt;#&gt;  hours
ham	soon you will have the real thing princess! Do i make you wet? :)
ham	Any chance you might have had with me evaporated as soon as you violated my privacy by stealing my phone number from your employer's paperwork. Not cool at all. Please do not contact me again or I will report you to your supervisor.
ham	Pandy joined 4w technologies today.he got job..
spam	WIN a year supply of CDs 4 a store of ur choice worth å£500 & enter our å£100 Weekly draw txt MUSIC to 87066 Ts&Cs www.Ldew.com.subs16+1win150ppmx3
ham	S.this will increase the chance of winning.
ham	HI ITS KATE CAN U GIVE ME A RING ASAP XXX
spam	WELL DONE! Your 4* Costa Del Sol Holiday or å£5000 await collection. Call 09050090044 Now toClaim. SAE, TCs, POBox334, Stockport, SK38xh, Costå£1.50/pm, Max10mins
ham	* You gonna ring this weekend or wot?
ham	Mmmmm ... It was sooooo good to wake to your words this morning, my Love!! Mmmm fuck ... I love you too, my Lion ... *devouring kiss from across the sea*
ham	We spend our days waiting for the ideal path to appear in front of us.. But what we forget is.. \paths are made by walking.. not by waiting..\" Goodnight!"
ham	Then why no one talking to me
ham	I have lost 10 kilos as of today!
ham	I see the letter B on my car
ham	Y cant u try new invention to fly..i'm not joking.,
ham	Ah poop. Looks like ill prob have to send in my laptop to get fixed cuz it has a gpu problem
ham	Aiyar hard 2 type. U later free then tell me then i call n scold n tell u.
ham	We are pleased to inform that your application for Airtel Broadband is processed successfully. Your installation will happen within 3 days.
ham	Aiya we discuss later lar... Pick Ì_ up at 4 is it?
ham	Haven't heard anything and he's not answering my texts so I'm guessing he flaked. That said the jb is fantastic
ham	Sent me ur email id soon
ham	I'm tired of arguing with you about this week after week. Do what you want and from now on, i'll do the same.
ham	Are you the cutest girl in the world or what
ham	Sorry da thangam.it's my mistake.
ham	HIYA STU WOT U UP 2.IM IN SO MUCH TRUBLE AT HOME AT MOMENT EVONE HATES ME EVEN U! WOT THE HELL AV I DONE NOW? Y WONT U JUST TELL ME TEXT BCK PLEASE LUV DAN 
ham	Finished class where are you.
spam	PRIVATE! Your 2003 Account Statement for shows 800 un-redeemed S. I. M. points. Call 08718738002 Identifier Code: 48922 Expires 21/11/04
spam	CLAIRE here am havin borin time & am now alone U wanna cum over 2nite? Chat now 09099725823 hope 2 C U Luv CLAIRE xx Callså£1/minmoremobsEMSPOBox45PO139WA
ham	Please don't text me anymore. I have nothing else to say.
ham	Hi , where are you? We're at  and they're not keen to go out i kind of am but feel i shouldn't so can we go out tomo, don't mind do you?
ham	Did u got that persons story
ham	Yup n her fren lor. I'm meeting my fren at 730.
ham	Thank you baby! I cant wait to taste the real thing...
ham	Had the money issue weigh me down but thanks to you, I can breathe easier now. I.ll make sure you dont regret it. Thanks.
spam	Congratulations YOU'VE Won. You're a Winner in our August å£1000 Prize Draw. Call 09066660100 NOW. Prize Code 2309.
ham	Of course ! Don't tease me ... You know I simply must see ! *grins* ... Do keep me posted my prey ... *loving smile* *devouring kiss*
ham	I'm done. C Ì_ there.
ham	I'll text now! All creepy like so he won't think that we forgot
ham	\The world suffers a lot... Not because of the violence of bad people. But because of the silence of good people!\"
ham	Im in inperialmusic listening2the weirdest track ever byåÓleafcutter johnåÓ-sounds like insects being molested&someone plumbing,remixed by evil men on acid!
ham	Where you. What happen
ham	Nobody names their penis a girls name this story doesn't add up at all
ham	Hi happy birthday. Hi hi hi hi hi hi hi
ham	Lol I know! Hey someone did a great inpersonation of flea on the forums. I love it!
ham	U definitely need a module from e humanities dis sem izzit? U wan 2 take other modules 1st?
ham	So u workin overtime nigpun?
ham	Host-based IDPS for linux systems.
spam	SMS. ac Sptv: The New Jersey Devils and the Detroit Red Wings play Ice Hockey. Correct or Incorrect? End? Reply END SPTV
ham	sure, but make sure he knows we ain't smokin yet
ham	Dear,regret i cudnt pick call.drove down frm ctla now at cochin home.left mobile in car..ente style ishtamayoo?happy bakrid!
ham	Po de :-):):-):-):-). No need job aha.
spam	FREE entry into our å£250 weekly comp just send the word WIN to 80086 NOW. 18 T&C www.txttowin.co.uk
ham	Thank you so much. When we skyped wit kz and sura, we didnt get the pleasure of your company. Hope you are good. We've given you ultimatum oh! We are countin down to aburo. Enjoy!
spam	Do you want a New Nokia 3510i Colour Phone Delivered Tomorrow? With 200 FREE minutes to any mobile + 100 FREE text + FREE camcorder Reply or Call 8000930705
spam	SMSSERVICES. for yourinclusive text credits, pls goto www.comuk.net login= 3qxj9 unsubscribe with STOP, no extra charge. help 08702840625.COMUK. 220-CM2 9AE
ham	Ugh its been a long day. I'm exhausted. Just want to cuddle up and take a nap
spam	4mths half price Orange line rental & latest camera phones 4 FREE. Had your phone 11mths+? Call MobilesDirect free on 08000938767 to update now! or2stoptxt T&Cs
ham	How would my ip address test that considering my computer isn't a minecraft server
ham	I'm wif him now buying tix lar...
spam	U can WIN å£100 of Music Gift Vouchers every week starting NOW Txt the word DRAW to 87066 TsCs www.Idew.com SkillGame, 1Winaweek, age16. 150ppermessSubscription
ham	i want to grasp your pretty booty :)
ham	A boy was late 2 home. His father: \POWER OF FRNDSHIP\""
ham	We'll join the  &lt;#&gt;  bus
ham	Your account has been refilled successfully by INR  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; . Your KeralaCircle prepaid account balance is Rs  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; . Your Transaction ID is KR &lt;#&gt; .
ham	No da if you run that it activate the full version da.
ham	As in different styles?
ham	Oh just getting even with u.... u?
ham	When're you guys getting back? G said you were thinking about not staying for mcr
ham	House-Maid is the murderer, coz the man was murdered on  &lt;#&gt; th January.. As public holiday all govt.instituitions are closed,including post office..understand?
ham	, ow u dey.i paid 60,400thousad.i told  u would call . 
ham	That's one of the issues but california is okay. No snow so its manageable
ham	And I don't plan on staying the night but I prolly won't be back til late
ham	Cbe is really good nowadays:)lot of shop and showrooms:)city is shaping good.
ham	DO NOT B LATE LOVE MUM
ham	THANX 4 PUTTIN DA FONE DOWN ON ME!!
ham	This is hoping you enjoyed your game yesterday. Sorry i've not been in touch but pls know that you are fondly bein thot off. Have a great week. Abiola
ham	I am going to sao mu today. Will be done only at 12 
ham	Haf u eaten? Wat time u wan me 2 come?
ham	S...from the training manual it show there is no tech process:)its all about password reset and troubleshooting:)
ham	cThen i thk shd b enuff.. Still got conclusion n contents pg n references.. I'll b doing da contents pg n cover pg..
ham	HELLO PEACH! MY CAKE TASTS LUSH!
ham	Come around  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; pm vikky..i'm otside nw, il come by tht time
ham	Hello! Good week? Fancy a drink or something later?
spam	22 days to kick off! For Euro2004 U will be kept up to date with the latest news and results daily. To be removed send GET TXT STOP to 83222
ham	Armand says get your ass over to epsilon
ham	Prepare to be pounded every night...
ham	Ranjith cal drpd Deeraj and deepak 5min hold
ham	\SYMPTOMS\" when U are in love: \"1.U like listening songs 2.U get stopped where u see the name of your beloved 3.U won't get angry when your"
ham	Ard 530 like dat lor. We juz meet in mrt station then Ì_ dun haf to come out.
ham	Dude we should go sup again
spam	Camera - You are awarded a SiPix Digital Camera! call 09061221066 fromm landline. Delivery within 28 days.
ham	Please dont say like that. Hi hi hi
spam	You have won a guaranteed 32000 award or maybe even å£1000 cash to claim ur award call free on 0800 ..... (18+). Its a legitimat efreefone number wat do u think???
ham	Do u konw waht is rael FRIENDSHIP Im gving yuo an exmpel: Jsut ese tihs msg.. Evrey splleing of tihs msg is wrnog.. Bt sitll yuo can raed it wihtuot ayn mitsake.. GOODNIGHT &amp; HAVE A NICE SLEEP..SWEET DREAMS..
ham	Ok. But i finish at 6.
ham	Lol wtf random. Btw is that your lunch break
spam	Double Mins & 1000 txts on Orange tariffs. Latest Motorola, SonyEricsson & Nokia with Bluetooth FREE! Call MobileUpd8 on 08000839402 or call2optout/HF8
spam	500 free text msgs. Just text ok to 80488 and we'll credit your account
spam	network operator. The service is free. For T & C's visit 80488.biz
ham	I'm in a meeting, call me later at
ham	Having lunch:)you are not in online?why?
ham	I think i am disturbing her da
ham	Thanks for loving me so. You rock
ham	And do you have any one that can teach me how to ship cars.
ham	You still at grand prix?
ham	Thankyou so much for the call. I appreciate your care.
ham	I've been barred from all B and Q stores for life!?This twat in orange dungerees came up to me and asked if I wanted decking? So I got the first punch in!!
ham	I wanna watch that movie
ham	Did you try making another butt.
ham	God bless.get good sleep my dear...i will pray!
ham	Ok omw now, you at castor?
ham	Sorry * was at the grocers.
ham	Yo sorry was in the shower sup
ham	MAYBE IF YOU WOKE UP BEFORE FUCKING 3 THIS WOULDN'T BE A PROBLEM.
ham	Hi frnd, which is best way to avoid missunderstding wit our beloved one's?
ham	WHITE FUDGE OREOS ARE IN STORES
ham	R Ì_ comin back for dinner?
ham	Have you had a good day? Mine was really busy are you up to much tomorrow night?
ham	Hi ....My engagement has been fixd on  &lt;#&gt; th of next month. I know its really shocking bt....hmm njan vilikkam....t ws al of a sudn;-(.
ham	Oh oh... Den muz change plan liao... Go back have to yan jiu again...
ham	Can u look 4 me in da lib i got stuff havent finish yet.
ham	Sorry da..today i wont come to play..i have driving clas..
ham	Thanks for your message. I really appreciate your sacrifice. I'm not sure of the process of direct pay but will find out on my way back from the test tomorrow. I'm in class now. Do have a wonderful day.
ham	Not yet chikku..k, then wat abt tht guy did he stopped irritating or msging to u..
ham	I can't speak, bcaz mobile have problem. I can listen you but you cann't listen my voice. So i calls you later.
ham	And pls pls drink plenty plenty water
ham	Nope. I just forgot. Will show next week
spam	Valentines Day Special! Win over å£1000 in our quiz and take your partner on the trip of a lifetime! Send GO to 83600 now. 150p/msg rcvd. CustCare:08718720201.
ham	What you thinked about me. First time you saw me in class.
ham	So li hai... Me bored now da lecturer repeating last weeks stuff waste time... 
ham	You will be in the place of that man
spam	Not heard from U4 a while. Call me now am here all night with just my knickers on. Make me beg for it like U did last time 01223585236 XX Luv Nikiyu4.net
ham	Never try alone to take the weight of a tear that comes out of ur heart and falls through ur eyes... Always remember a STUPID FRIEND is here to share... BSLVYL
ham	Hi, can i please get a  &lt;#&gt;  dollar loan from you. I.ll pay you back by mid february. Pls.
ham	Did u find a sitter for kaitlyn? I was sick and slept all day yesterday.
spam	100 dating service cal;l 09064012103 box334sk38ch
ham	Omg I want to scream. I weighed myself and I lost more weight! Woohoo!
ham	PS U no ur a grown up now right?
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	Did u find out what time the bus is at coz i need to sort some stuff out.
ham	Can you tell Shola to please go to college of medicine and visit the academic department, tell the academic secretary what the current situation is and ask if she can transfer there. She should ask someone to check Sagamu for the same thing and lautech. Its vital she completes her medical education in Nigeria. Its less expensive much less expensive. Unless she will be getting citizen rates in new zealand.
ham	No need to say anything to me. I know i am an outsider
ham	Where r we meeting?
ham	He didn't see his shadow. We get an early spring yay
ham	Just wondering, the others just took off
ham	Send ur birthdate with month and year, I will tel u ur LIFE PARTNER'S name. and the method of calculation. Reply must.
ham	Yalru lyfu astne chikku.. Bt innu mundhe lyf ali halla ke bilo (marriage)program edhae, so lyf is nt yet ovr chikku..ali vargu lyfu meow meow:-D
ham	Is xy going 4 e lunch?
spam	We tried to call you re your reply to our sms for a video mobile 750 mins UNLIMITED TEXT + free camcorder Reply of call 08000930705 Now
ham	Indians r poor but India is not a poor country. Says one of the swiss bank directors. He says that \ &lt;#&gt;  lac crore\" of Indian money is deposited in swiss banks which can be used for 'taxless' budget for  &lt;#&gt;  yrs. Can give  &lt;#&gt;  crore jobs to all Indians. From any village to Delhi 4 lane roads. Forever free power suply to more than  &lt;#&gt;  social projects. Every citizen can get monthly  &lt;#&gt; /- for  &lt;#&gt;  yrs. No need of World Bank &amp; IMF loan. Think how our money is blocked by rich politicians. We have full rights against corrupt politicians. Itna forward karo ki pura INDIA padhe.g.m.\""
spam	<Forwarded from 21870000>Hi - this is your Mailbox Messaging SMS alert. You have 4 messages. You have 21 matches. Please call back on 09056242159 to retrieve your messages and matches
ham	There'll be a minor shindig at my place later tonight, you interested?
ham	Yep, by the pretty sculpture
ham	HI DARLIN IM MISSIN U HOPE YOU ARE HAVING A GOOD TIME. WHEN ARE U BACK AND WHAT TIME IF U CAN GIVE ME A CALL AT HOME. JESS XX
ham	Ok give me 5 minutes I think I see her. BTW you're my alibi. You were cutting my hair the whole time.
ham	She left it very vague. She just said she would inform the person in accounting about the delayed rent and that i should discuss with the housing agency about my renting another place. But checking online now and all places around usc are  &lt;#&gt;  and up
ham	Ok lor...
ham	Now i'm going for lunch.
ham	You know what hook up means right?
ham	I havent add Ì_ yet right.. 
ham	What not under standing.
ham	I to am looking forward to all the sex cuddling.. Only two more sleeps 
ham	K..k:)how about your training process?
ham	So wats ur opinion abt him and how abt is character?
ham	:-( sad puppy noise
ham	No it will reach by 9 only. She telling she will be there. I dont know
ham	I like you peoples very much:) but am very shy pa.
ham	Yeah imma come over cause jay wants to do some drugs
ham	I know you are thinkin malaria. But relax, children cant handle malaria. She would have been worse and its gastroenteritis. If she takes enough to replace her loss her temp will reduce. And if you give her malaria meds now she will just vomit. Its a self limiting illness she has which means in a few days it will completely stop
ham	Is there any movie theatre i can go to and watch unlimited movies and just pay once?
ham	Yes, my reg is  Ciao!
ham	What happen to her tell the truth
ham	Yes there were many sweets
ham	True dear..i sat to pray evening and felt so.so i sms'd you in some time...
ham	All was well until slightly disastrous class this pm with my fav darlings! Hope day off ok. Coffee wld be good as can't stay late tomorrow. Same time + place as always?
ham	swhrt how u dey,hope ur ok, tot about u 2day.love n miss.take care.
spam	Urgent Urgent! We have 800 FREE flights to Europe to give away, call B4 10th Sept & take a friend 4 FREE. Call now to claim on 09050000555. BA128NNFWFLY150ppm
ham	I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
ham	Its ok., i just askd did u knw tht no?
ham	I not at home now lei...
ham	We are both fine. Thanks
ham	No idea, I guess we'll work that out an hour after we're supposed to leave since as usual nobody has any interest in figuring shit out before the last second
ham	Today is ACCEPT DAY..U Accept me as? Brother Sister Lover Dear1 Best1 Clos1 Lvblefrnd Jstfrnd Cutefrnd Lifpartnr Belovd Swtheart Bstfrnd No rply means enemy
ham	Yetunde i'm in class can you not run water on it to make it ok. Pls now.
spam	YOU HAVE WON! As a valued Vodafone customer our computer has picked YOU to win a å£150 prize. To collect is easy. Just call 09061743386 
ham	Gudnite....tc...practice going on
spam	This weeks SavaMob member offers are now accessible. Just call 08709501522 for details! SavaMob, POBOX 139, LA3 2WU. Only å£1.50/week. SavaMob - offers mobile!
ham	Yar lor actually we quite fast... Cos da ge slow wat... Haha...
ham	Have you seen who's back at Holby?!
ham	Im just wondering what your doing right now?
ham	I av a new number,  . Wil u only use this one,ta.
ham	Ok which your another number
ham	U havenåÕt lost me ill always b here 4u.i didnåÕt intend 2 hurt u but I never knew how u felt about me when Iwas+marine&thatåÕs what itried2tell urmom.i careabout u
ham	Webpage s not available!
ham	Enjoy ur life. . Good night
ham	&lt;#&gt; ISH MINUTES WAS 5 MINUTES AGO. WTF.
spam	Knock Knock Txt whose there to 80082 to enter r weekly draw 4 a å£250 gift voucher 4 a store of yr choice. T&Cs www.tkls.com age16 to stoptxtstopå£1.50/week
ham	Hey ! Don't forget ... You are MINE ... For ME ... My possession ... MY property ... MMM ... *childish smile* ...
spam	You won't believe it but it's true. It's Incredible Txts! Reply G now to learn truly amazing things that will blow your mind. From O2FWD only 18p/txt
ham	Height of recycling: Read twice- People spend time for earning money and the same money is spent for spending time!;-) Good morning.. keep smiling:-)
ham	Ya even those cookies have jelly on them
ham	Where did u go? My phone is gonna die you have to stay in here
ham	Omg how did u know what I ate?
ham	K..then come wenever u lik to come and also tel vikky to come by getting free time..:-)
ham	Ard 515 like dat. Y?
ham	No. It's not pride. I'm almost  &lt;#&gt;  years old and shouldn't be takin money from my kid. You're not supposed to have to deal with this stuff. This is grownup stuff--why i don't tell you.
ham	Good morning princess! Have a great day!
ham	Can you just come in for a sec? There's somebody here I want you to see
ham	Nothin comes to my mind. ÌÏ help me buy hanger lor. Ur laptop not heavy?
ham	Dont hesitate. You know this is the second time she has had weakness like that. So keep i notebook of what she eat and did the day before or if anything changed the day before so that we can be sure its nothing
ham	K..k..any special today?
ham	Pls dont restrict her from eating anythin she likes for the next two days.
ham	Nah dub but je still buff
ham	haha but no money leh... Later got to go for tuition... Haha and looking for empty slots for driving lessons
ham	Thanks love. But am i doing torch or bold.
ham	Hey gals.. Anyone of u going down to e driving centre tmr?
ham	Wen did you get so spiritual and deep. That's great
ham	Not directly behind... Abt 4 rows behind Ì_...
ham	How is it possible to teach you. And where.
ham	At WHAT TIME should i come tomorrow
spam	Hard LIVE 121 chat just 60p/min. Choose your girl and connect LIVE. Call 09094646899 now! Cheap Chat UK's biggest live service. VU BCM1896WC1N3XX
ham	i see. When we finish we have loads of loans to pay
ham	Do you know why god created gap between your fingers..? So that, One who is made for you comes &amp; fills those gaps by holding your hand with LOVE..!
ham	Your opinion about me? 1. Over 2. Jada 3. Kusruthi 4. Lovable 5. Silent 6. Spl character 7. Not matured 8. Stylish 9. Simple Pls reply..
ham	Raviyog Peripherals bhayandar east
ham	Yes baby! We can study all the positions of the kama sutra ;)
ham	Ok lor. I'm in town now lei.
spam	URGENT! Your Mobile number has been awarded with a å£2000 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09058094455 from land line. Claim 3030. Valid 12hrs only
ham	Back in brum! Thanks for putting us up and keeping us all and happy. See you soon 
ham	Wat time liao, where still got.
ham	Hi, my love! How goes that day? Fuck, this morning I woke and dropped my cell on the way down the stairs but it seems alright ... *phews* I miss you !
ham	Ic. There are a lotta childporn cars then.
spam	FREE2DAY sexy St George's Day pic of Jordan!Txt PIC to 89080 dont miss out, then every wk a saucy celeb!4 more pics c PocketBabe.co.uk 0870241182716 å£3/wk
ham	Designation is software developer and may be she get chennai:)
ham	Only just got this message, not ignoring you. Yes, i was. Shopping that is
ham	Nice.nice.how is it working?
ham	Yup i'm still having coffee wif my frens... My fren drove she'll give me a lift...
ham	Tell your friends what you plan to do on Valentines day @ &lt;URL&gt;
ham	U reach orchard already? U wan 2 go buy tickets first?
ham	Do you still have the grinder?
ham	Good evening Sir, Al Salam Wahleykkum.sharing a happy news.By the grace of God, i got an offer from Tayseer,TISSCO and i joined.Hope you are fine.Inshah Allah,meet you sometime.Rakhesh,visitor from India.
ham	No no. I will check all rooms befor activities
spam	No 1 POLYPHONIC tone 4 ur mob every week! Just txt PT2 to 87575. 1st Tone FREE ! so get txtin now and tell ur friends. 150p/tone. 16 reply HL 4info
ham	V-aluable. A-ffectionate. L-oveable. E-ternal. N-oble. T-ruthful. I-ntimate. N-atural. E-namous. Happy \VALENTINES DAY\" in advance"
ham	\CHA QUITEAMUZING THATåÕSCOOL BABE
ham	Congrats. That's great. I wanted to tell you not to tell me your score cos it might make me relax. But its motivating me so thanks for sharing
ham	Sorry, I'll call later in meeting.
ham	Tmr then Ì_ brin lar... Aiya later i come n c lar... Mayb Ì_ neva set properly Ì_ got da help sheet wif Ì_...
ham	26th OF JULY
spam	Urgent! Please call 09066612661 from your landline, your complimentary 4* Lux Costa Del Sol holiday or å£1000 CASH await collection. ppm 150 SAE T&Cs James 28, EH74RR
ham	Later i guess. I needa do mcat study too.
ham	How are you doing? Hope you've settled in for the new school year. Just wishin you a gr8 day
ham	Hi good mornin.. Thanku wish u d same..
spam	Warner Village 83118 C Colin Farrell in SWAT this wkend @Warner Village & get 1 free med. Popcorn!Just show msg+ticket@kiosk.Valid 4-7/12. C t&c @kiosk. Reply SONY 4 mre film offers
spam	Buy Space Invaders 4 a chance 2 win orig Arcade Game console. Press 0 for Games Arcade (std WAP charge) See o2.co.uk/games 4 Terms + settings. No purchase
spam	Your account has been credited with 500 FREE Text Messages. To activate, just txt the word: CREDIT to No: 80488 T&Cs www.80488.biz
ham	I got arrested for possession at, I shit you not,  &lt;TIME&gt;  pm
ham	Havent mus ask if u can 1st wat. Of meet 4 lunch den u n him meet can already lor. Or u wan 2 go ask da ge 1st then confirm w me asap?
ham	So are you guys asking that i get that slippers again or its gone with last year
ham	So Ì_'ll be submitting da project tmr rite?
ham	I've been trying to reach him without success
ham	Only if you promise your getting out as SOON as you can. And you'll text me in the morning to let me know you made it in ok.
spam	You have been specially selected to receive a 2000 pound award! Call 08712402050 BEFORE the lines close. Cost 10ppm. 16+. T&Cs apply. AG Promo
ham	1's finish meeting call me.
ham	No, I decided that only people who care about stuff vote and caring about stuff is for losers
ham	Might ax well im there.
ham	Hey... are you going to quit soon? Xuhui and i working till end of the month 
ham	Anytime lor...
ham	Lemme know when I can swing by and pick up, I'm free basically any time after 1 all this semester
ham	It's justbeen overa week since we broke up and already our brains are going to mush!
ham	You please give us connection today itself before  &lt;DECIMAL&gt;  or refund the bill
ham	Aiyah then i wait lor. Then u entertain me. Hee...
ham	I finished my lunch already. U wake up already?
ham	Well imma definitely need to restock before thanksgiving, I'll let you know when I'm out
ham	Dad wanted to talk about the apartment so I got a late start, omw now
ham	Jus finish my lunch on my way home lor... I tot u dun wan 2 stay in sch today...
ham	Aight sorry I take ten years to shower. What's the plan?
ham	Doing nothing, then u not having dinner w us?
ham	Hey whats up? U sleeping all morning?
ham	Does cinema plus drink appeal tomo? * Is a fr thriller by director i like on at mac at 8.30.
spam	88066 FROM 88066 LOST 3POUND HELP
ham	Thursday night? Yeah, sure thing, we'll work it out then
ham	Sorry, I'll call later in meeting
spam	PRIVATE! Your 2004 Account Statement for 078498****7 shows 786 unredeemed Bonus Points. To claim call 08719180219 Identifier Code: 45239 Expires 06.05.05
ham	Still i have not checked it da. . .
ham	Hope you are having a good week. Just checking in
spam	Hottest pics straight to your phone!! See me getting Wet and Wanting, just for you xx Text PICS to 89555 now! txt costs 150p textoperator g696ga 18 XxX
spam	Want to funk up ur fone with a weekly new tone reply TONES2U 2 this text. www.ringtones.co.uk, the original n best. Tones 3GBP network operator rates apply
ham	Its ok chikku, and its my 1 of favourite song..:-)
ham	Company is very good.environment is terrific and food is really nice:)
ham	K.:)you are the only girl waiting in reception ah?
ham	S:-)if we have one good partnership going we will take lead:)
ham	I donno its in your genes or something
ham	Can do lor...
spam	YES! The only place in town to meet exciting adult singles is now in the UK. Txt CHAT to 86688 now! 150p/Msg.
ham	I don't know but I'm raping dudes at poker
ham	Where is that one day training:-)
ham	You getting back any time soon?
ham	Ay wana meet on sat?Ì_ wkg on sat?
ham	I.ll give her once i have it. Plus she said grinule greet you whenever we speak
spam	09066362231 URGENT! Your mobile No 07xxxxxxxxx won a å£2,000 bonus caller prize on 02/06/03! this is the 2nd attempt to reach YOU! call 09066362231 ASAP!
spam	FREE entry into our å£250 weekly competition just text the word WIN to 80086 NOW. 18 T&C www.txttowin.co.uk
ham	Good morning princess! Happy New Year!
ham	Pls ask macho how much is budget for bb bold 2 is cos i saw a new one for  &lt;#&gt;  dollars.
ham	No i am not having not any movies in my laptop
ham	Dear Hero,i am leaving to qatar tonite for an apt opportunity.pls do keep in touch at  &lt;EMAIL&gt; ,kerala
ham	Party's at my place at usf, no charge (but if you can contribute in any way it is greatly appreciated) and yeah, we got room for one more
ham	Well at this right I'm gonna have to get up and check today's steam sales/pee so text me when you want me to come get you
ham	I've reached home finally...
ham	There are some nice pubs near here or there is Frankie n Bennys near the warner cinema?
ham	Storming msg: Wen u lift d phne, u say \HELLO\" Do u knw wt is d real meaning of HELLO?? . . . It's d name of a girl..! . . . Yes.. And u knw who is dat girl?? \"Margaret Hello\" She is d girlfrnd f Grahmbell who invnted telphone... . . . . Moral:One can 4get d name of a person
spam	Sorry! U can not unsubscribe yet. THE MOB offer package has a min term of 54 weeks> pls resubmit request after expiry. Reply THEMOB HELP 4 more info
ham	Huh so late... Fr dinner?
ham	Just got to  &lt;#&gt;
ham	I know dat feelin had it with Pete! Wuld get with em , nuther place nuther time mayb?
spam	We tried to call you re your reply to our sms for a video mobile 750 mins UNLIMITED TEXT free camcorder Reply or call now 08000930705 Del Thurs
ham	Bill, as in: Are there any letters for me. i‰Ûªm expecting one from orange that isn‰Ûªt a bill but may still say orange on it.
ham	Going thru a very different feeling.wavering decisions and coping up with the same is the same individual.time will heal everything i believe.
ham	So you think i should actually talk to him? Not call his boss in the morning? I went to this place last year and he told me where i could go and get my car fixed cheaper. He kept telling me today how much he hoped i would come back in, how he always regretted not getting my number, etc.
ham	Hi its Kate how is your evening? I hope i can see you tomorrow for a bit but i have to bloody babyjontet! Txt back if u can. :) xxx
ham	Huh so early.. Then Ì_ having dinner outside izzit?
ham	Motivate Behind every darkness, there is a shining light waiting for you to find it... Behind every best friend, there is always trust and love... BSLVYL
ham	Ok.
ham	Still chance there. If you search hard you will get it..let have a try :)
ham	When Ì_ login dat time... Dad fetching Ì_ home now?
ham	I'll pick you up at about 5.15pm to go to taunton if you still want to come.
spam	Win the newest åÒHarry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix (Book 5) reply HARRY, answer 5 questions - chance to be the first among readers!
ham	Are your freezing ? Are you home yet ? Will you remember to kiss your mom in the morning? Do you love me ? Do you think of me ? Are you missing me yet ?
ham	No no. I will check all rooms befor activities
ham	Today i'm not workin but not free oso... Gee... Thgt u workin at ur fren's shop ? 
ham	I am joining today formally.Pls keep praying.will talk later.
ham	Ta-Daaaaa! I am home babe, are you still up ?
ham	Otherwise had part time job na-tuition..
ham	Mm you ask him to come its enough :-)
ham	Same to u...
ham	Noooooooo please. Last thing I need is stress. For once in your life be fair.
ham	Men like shorter ladies. Gaze up into his eyes.
ham	Cool. So how come you havent been wined and dined before?
ham	Its a valentine game. . . Send dis msg to all ur friends. .. If 5 answers r d same then someone really loves u. Ques- which colour suits me the best?rply me
ham	Single line with a big meaning::::: \Miss anything 4 ur \"Best Life\" but
ham	You call times job today ok umma and ask them to speed up
ham	S:)8 min to go for lunch:)
ham	Yo you around? A friend of mine's lookin to pick up later tonight
ham	What are you doing in langport? Sorry, but I'll probably be in bed by 9pm. It sucks being ill at xmas! When do you and go2sri lanka? 
ham	Not to worry. I'm sure you'll get it.
ham	For many things its an antibiotic and it can be used for chest abdomen and gynae infections even bone infections.
ham	New Theory: Argument wins d SITUATION, but loses the PERSON. So dont argue with ur friends just.. . . . kick them &amp; say, I'm always correct.!
ham	Am on the uworld site. Am i buying the qbank only or am i buying it with the self assessment also?
ham	Its a valentine game. . . send dis msg to all ur friends. . If 5 answers r d same then someone really loves u. . Ques- which colour suits me the best?
ham	My darling sister. How are you doing. When's school resuming. Is there a minimum wait period before you reapply? Do take care
spam	Our records indicate u maybe entitled to 5000 pounds in compensation for the Accident you had. To claim 4 free reply with CLAIM to this msg. 2 stop txt STOP
ham	Sounds like there could be a lot of time spent in that chastity device boy ... *grins* ... Or take your beatings like a good dog. Going to lounge in a nice long bath now ?
ham	Yup ok...
spam	U've been selected to stay in 1 of 250 top British hotels - FOR NOTHING! Holiday valued at å£350! Dial 08712300220 to claim - National Rate Call. Bx526, SW73SS
ham	If u sending her home first it's ok lor. I'm not ready yet.
ham	Mm i am on the way to railway
ham	I'm so in love with you. I'm excited each day i spend with you. You make me so happy.
spam	Dear Voucher Holder, To claim this weeks offer, at your PC please go to http://www.wtlp.co.uk/text. Ts&Cs apply.
ham	How? Izzit still raining?
ham	All done, all handed in. Don't know if mega shop in asda counts as celebration but thats what i'm doing!
ham	Hi Chachi tried calling u now unable to reach u .. Pl give me a missed cal once u c tiz msg  Kanagu
ham	Spoons it is then okay?
ham	He's in lag. That's just the sad part but we keep in touch thanks to skype
ham	Yup i shd haf ard 10 pages if i add figures... ÌÏ all got how many pages?
ham	WHO ARE YOU SEEING?
ham	Oic cos me n my sis got no lunch today my dad went out... So dunno whether 2 eat in sch or wat...
spam	Win a å£1000 cash prize or a prize worth å£5000
ham	What can i do? Might accidant tookplace between somewhere ghodbandar rd. Traffic moves slovely. So plz slip &amp; don't worry.
ham	I attended but nothing is there.
ham	I am real, baby! I want to bring out your inner tigress...
ham	Yeah I should be able to, I'll text you when I'm ready to meet up
ham	Aww that's the first time u said u missed me without asking if I missed u first. You DO love me! :)
spam	Did you hear about the new \Divorce Barbie\"? It comes with all of Ken's stuff!"
ham	That‰Û÷s the thing with apes, u can fight to the death to keep something, but the minute they have it when u let go, thats it!
ham	You have registered Sinco as Payee. Log in at icicibank.com and enter URN  &lt;#&gt;  to confirm. Beware of frauds. Do NOT share or disclose URN to anyone.
spam	Sunshine Hols. To claim ur med holiday send a stamped self address envelope to Drinks on Us UK, PO Box 113, Bray, Wicklow, Eire. Quiz Starts Saturday! Unsub Stop
ham	Haven't seen my facebook, huh? Lol!
ham	Bishan lar nearer... No need buy so early cos if buy now i gotta park my car...
ham	K:)k.are you in college?
ham	I think we're going to finn's now, come
ham	Aight, let me know when you're gonna be around usf
spam	Hi babe its Chloe, how r u? I was smashed on saturday night, it was great! How was your weekend? U been missing me? SP visionsms.com Text stop to stop 150p/text
ham	Can u get pic msgs to your phone?
ham	R we still meeting 4 dinner tonight?
ham	No. I dont want to hear anything
ham	sry can't talk on phone, with parents
ham	hanks lotsly!
ham	Not a lot has happened here. Feels very quiet. Beth is at her aunts and charlie is working lots. Just me and helen in at the mo. How have you been? 
spam	Want 2 get laid tonight? Want real Dogging locations sent direct 2 ur Mob? Join the UK's largest Dogging Network by txting MOAN to 69888Nyt. ec2a. 31p.msg@150p
ham	In meeting da. I will call you
ham	K...k...yesterday i was in cbe .
ham	What pa tell me.. I went to bath:-)
ham	I do know what u mean,  is the king of not havin credit! I'm goin2bed now. Night night sweet! Only1more sleep! 
ham	She's fine. Sends her greetings
ham	Thats cool. i am a gentleman and will treat you with dignity and respect.
ham	Thanx a lot 4 ur help!
ham	How will I creep on you now? ;_;
ham	Okie
ham	With my sis lor... We juz watched italian job.
ham	I wil be there with in  &lt;#&gt;  minutes. Got any space
ham	Sorry about earlier. Putting out fires.Are you around to talk after 9? Or do you actually have a life, lol!
ham	I enjoy watching and playing football and basketball. Anything outdoors. And you?
ham	OH MR SHEFFIELD! You wanna play THAT game, okay. You're the boss and I'm the nanny. You give me a raise and I'll give YOU one!!
ham	U wan 2 haf lunch i'm in da canteen now.
ham	Oic... I saw him too but i tot he din c me... I found a group liao...
ham	I can send you a pic if you like :)
ham	Hello which the site to download songs its urgent pls
ham	Omg Joanna is freaking me out. She's looked thru all my friends to find photos of me. And then she's asking about stuff on my MySpace which I haven't even logged on in like a year. :/
ham	Hello hun how ru? Its here by the way. Im good. Been on 2 dates with that guy i met in walkabout so far. We have to meet up soon. Hows everyone else?
ham	K, wen ur free come to my home and also tel vikky i hav sent mail to him also.. Better come evening il be free today aftr 6pm..:-)
ham	Tmr timin still da same wat cos i got lesson until 6...
ham	Watching tv now. I got new job :)
ham	Free any day but i finish at 6 on mon n thurs...
ham	Do you like shaking your booty on the dance floor?
ham	ÌÏ dun wan to watch infernal affair?
ham	Alright if you're sure, let me know when you're leaving
ham	Dunno i juz askin cos i got a card got 20% off 4 a salon called hair sense so i tot it's da one Ì_ cut ur hair. 
ham	That sucks. I'll go over so u can do my hair. You'll do it free right?
ham	Funny fact Nobody teaches volcanoes 2 erupt, tsunamis 2 arise, hurricanes 2 sway aroundn no 1 teaches hw 2 choose a wife Natural disasters just happens
ham	If u laugh really loud.. If u talk spontaneously.. If u dont care what others feel.. U are probably with your dear &amp; best friends.. GOODEVENING Dear..:)
ham	Also hi wesley how've you been
ham	We can go 4 e normal pilates after our intro...  
ham	Baaaaabe! I misss youuuuu ! Where are you ? I have to go and teach my class at 5 ...
ham	Hey loverboy! I love you !! I had to tell ... I look at your picture and ache to feel you between my legs ... Fuck I want you ... I need you ... I crave you .
ham	Leave it. U will always be ignorant.
ham	I wait 4 Ì_ inside da car park...
ham	Oh, my love, it's soooo good to hear from you. Omg I missed you so much today. I'm sorry your having problems with the provider but thank you for tming me
ham	Well keep in mind I've only got enough gas for one more round trip barring a sudden influx of cash
ham	Hi. Wk been ok - on hols now! Yes on for a bit of a run. Forgot that i have hairdressers appointment at four so need to get home n shower beforehand. Does that cause prob for u?\"
ham"
ham	5 nights...We nt staying at port step liao...Too ex
ham	I hope you arnt pissed off but id would really like to see you tomorrow. Love me xxxxxxxxxxxxxX
spam	Gr8 new service - live sex video chat on your mob - see the sexiest dirtiest girls live on ur phone - 4 details text horny to 89070 to cancel send STOP to 89070
ham	Tell me something. Thats okay.
ham	Thanks again for your reply today. When is ur visa coming in. And r u still buying the gucci and bags. My sister things are not easy, uncle john also has his own bills so i really need to think about how to make my own money. Later sha.
ham	I will take care of financial problem.i will help:)
spam	SMS AUCTION - A BRAND NEW Nokia 7250 is up 4 auction today! Auction is FREE 2 join & take part! Txt NOKIA to 86021 now!
ham	Pls help me tell Ashley that i cant find her number oh
ham	COME BACK TO TAMPA FFFFUUUUUUU
ham	I wasn't well babe, i have swollen glands at my throat ... What did you end up doing ?
spam	Today's Offer! Claim ur å£150 worth of discount vouchers! Text YES to 85023 now! SavaMob, member offers mobile! T Cs 08717898035. å£3.00 Sub. 16 . Unsub reply X
ham	No calls..messages..missed calls
ham	Are you driving or training?
ham	Thk some of em find wtc too far... Weiyi not goin... E rest i dunno yet... R ur goin 4 dinner den i might b able to join...
ham	So what do you guys do.
ham	Lmao you know me so well...
spam	Congrats! 1 year special cinema pass for 2 is yours. call 09061209465 now! C Suprman V, Matrix3, StarWars3, etc all 4 FREE! bx420-ip4-5we. 150pm. Dont miss out!
spam	Our brand new mobile music service is now live. The free music player will arrive shortly. Just install on your phone to browse content from the top artists.
ham	So when do you wanna gym?
ham	You're right I have now that I think about it
ham	meet you in corporation st outside gap ‰Û_ you can see how my mind is working!
spam	URGENT!! Your 4* Costa Del Sol Holiday or å£5000 await collection. Call 09050090044 Now toClaim. SAE, TC s, POBox334, Stockport, SK38xh, Costå£1.50/pm, Max10mins
ham	Okay lor... Wah... like that def they wont let us go... Haha... What did they say in the terms and conditions?
ham	1) Go to write msg 2) Put on Dictionary mode 3)Cover the screen with hand, 4)Press  &lt;#&gt; . 5)Gently remove Ur hand.. Its interesting..:)
spam	As one of our registered subscribers u can enter the draw 4 a 100 G.B. gift voucher by replying with ENTER. To unsubscribe text STOP
ham	When u wana see it then
spam	83039 62735=å£450 UK Break AccommodationVouchers terms & conditions apply. 2 claim you mustprovide your claim number which is 15541 
ham	Friends that u can stay on fb chat with
ham	Your brother is a genius
ham	How dare you stupid. I wont tell anything to you. Hear after i wont talk to you:-.
ham	Same here, but I consider walls and bunkers and shit important just because I never play on peaceful but I guess your place is high enough that it don't matter
ham	Joy's father is John. Then John is the NAME of Joy's father. Mandan
ham	Oh, i will get paid. The most outstanding one is for a commercial i did for Hasbro...in AUGUST! They made us jump through so many hoops to get paid. Still not.
ham	Just getting back home
ham	Y?WHERE U AT DOGBREATH? ITS JUST SOUNDING LIKE JAN C THATåÕS AL!!!!!!!!!
ham	Great to hear you are settling well. So what's happenin wit ola?
ham	Yes obviously, but you are the eggs-pert and the potato head‰Û_ Speak soon! 
ham	I can. But it will tell quite long, cos i haven't finish my film yet...
ham	That day you asked about anand number. Why:-)
ham	Big brother‰Û÷s really scraped the barrel with this shower of social misfits
ham	Just sleeping..and surfing
spam	25p 4 alfie Moon's Children in need song on ur mob. Tell ur m8s. Txt Tone charity to 8007 for Nokias or Poly charity for polys: zed 08701417012 profit 2 charity.
ham	Did you say bold, then torch later. Or one torch and 2bold?
ham	Dun need to use dial up juz open da browser n surf...
ham	Thanks for sending this mental ability question..
ham	ÌÏ dun need to pick ur gf?
ham	Fighting with the world is easy, u either win or lose bt fightng with some1 who is close to u is dificult if u lose - u lose if u win - u still lose.
ham	Oh yes I can speak txt 2 u no! Hmm. Did u get  email?
ham	Doc prescribed me morphine cause the other pain meds aren't enough. Waiting for my mom to bring it. That med should kick in fast so I'm gonna try to be on later
spam	URGENT, IMPORTANT INFORMATION FOR O2 USER. TODAY IS YOUR LUCKY DAY! 2 FIND OUT WHY LOG ONTO HTTP://WWW.URAWINNER.COM THERE IS A FANTASTIC SURPRISE AWAITING FOR YOU
ham	Keep my payasam there if rinu brings
ham	In which place i can get rooms cheap:-)
ham	U wake up already? Wat u doing? U picking us up later rite? I'm taking sq825, reaching ard 7 smth 8 like dat. U can check e arrival time. C ya soon...
ham	Oh... Kay... On sat right?
spam	cmon babe, make me horny, *turn* me on! Txt me your fantasy now babe -) Im hot, sticky and need you now. All replies cost å£1.50. 2 cancel send STOP
ham	I send the print  outs da.
ham	on a Tuesday night r u 4 real
ham	Forgot it takes me 3 years to shower, sorry. Where you at/your phone dead yet?
ham	HELLOGORGEOUS, HOWS U? MY FONE WAS ON CHARGE LST NITW WEN U TEXD ME. HOPEU AD A NICE WKEND AS IM SURE U DID LOOKIN 4WARD 2 C-IN U 2MRW LUV JAZ
spam	For ur chance to win a å£250 wkly shopping spree TXT: SHOP to 80878. T's&C's www.txt-2-shop.com custcare 08715705022, 1x150p/wk
ham	\Hi its Kate it was lovely to see you tonight and ill phone you tomorrow. I got to sing and a guy gave me his card! xxx\""
ham	I wanted to wish you a Happy New Year and I wanted to talk to you about some legal advice to do with when Gary and I split but in person. I'll make a trip to Ptbo for that. I hope everything is good with you babe and I love ya :)
ham	Will do. Have a good day
ham	Ok . . now i am in bus. . If i come soon i will come otherwise tomorrow
ham	Good afternoon, my love! How goes that day ? I hope maybe you got some leads on a job. I think of you, boytoy and send you a passionate kiss from across the sea
ham	No da. I am happy that we sit together na
spam	Santa calling! Would your little ones like a call from Santa Xmas Eve? Call 09077818151 to book you time. Calls1.50ppm last 3mins 30s T&C www.santacalling.com
ham	Ok then i come n pick u at engin?
ham	You didnt complete your gist oh.
ham	Dont think so. It turns off like randomlly within 5min of opening
ham	How much it will cost approx . Per month.
ham	Ok lor wat time Ì_ finish?
ham	Ask g or iouri, I've told the story like ten times already
ham	Did he say how fantastic I am by any chance, or anything need a bigger life lift as losing the will 2 live, do you think I would be the first person 2 die from N V Q? 
ham	Oi when you gonna ring
ham	And now electricity just went out fml.
ham	Yeah that'd pretty much be the best case scenario
ham	Well i will watch shrek in 3D!!B)
ham	Dont show yourself. How far. Put new pictures up on facebook.
ham	Shuhui has bought ron's present it's a swatch watch...
ham	Nutter. Cutter. Ctter. Cttergg. Cttargg. Ctargg. Ctagg. ie you
ham	Where's mummy's boy ? Is he being good or bad ? Is he being positive or negative ? Why is mummy being made to wait? Hmmmm?
spam	Welcome to UK-mobile-date this msg is FREE giving you free calling to 08719839835. Future mgs billed at 150p daily. To cancel send \go stop\" to 89123"
ham	Good morning, im suffering from fever and dysentry ..will not be able to come to office today.
ham	Feb  &lt;#&gt;  is \I LOVE U\" day. Send dis to all ur \"VALUED FRNDS\" evn me. If 3 comes back u'll gt married d person u luv! If u ignore dis u will lose ur luv 4 Evr"
ham	House-Maid is the murderer, coz the man was murdered on  &lt;#&gt; th January.. As public holiday all govt.instituitions are closed,including post office..understand?
ham	House-Maid is the murderer, coz the man was murdered on  &lt;#&gt; th January.. As public holiday all govt.instituitions are closed,including post office..
ham	K.. I yan jiu liao... Sat we can go 4 bugis vill one frm 10 to 3 den hop to parco 4 nb. Sun can go cine frm 1030 to 2, den hop to orc mrt 4 hip hop at 4...
ham	Great! So what attracts you to the brothas?
spam	SIX chances to win CASH! From 100 to 20,000 pounds txt> CSH11 and send to 87575. Cost 150p/day, 6days, 16+ TsandCs apply Reply HL 4 info
ham	Sir, I have been late in paying rent for the past few months and had to pay a $ &lt;#&gt;  charge. I felt it would be inconsiderate of me to nag about something you give at great cost to yourself and that's why i didnt speak up. I however am in a recession and wont be able to pay the charge this month hence my askin well ahead of month's end. Can you please help. Thanks
ham	How is my boy? No sweet words left for me this morning ... *sighs* ... How goes you day, my love ? Did you start your studying?
ham	Yeah but which is worse for i
ham	Yar lor... Keep raining non stop... Or u wan 2 go elsewhere?
ham	yay! finally lol. i missed our cinema trip last week :-(
spam	You are awarded a SiPix Digital Camera! call 09061221061 from landline. Delivery within 28days. T Cs Box177. M221BP. 2yr warranty. 150ppm. 16 . p på£3.99
ham	Yunny... I'm goin to be late
ham	Wat time r Ì_ going to xin's hostel?
ham	I'm in solihull, | do you want anything?
ham	K I'll be sure to get up before noon and see what's what
ham	Excellent, I'll see what riley's plans are
ham	Actually I decided I was too hungry so I haven't left yet :V
ham	I'll see if I can swing by in a bit, got some things to take care of here firsg
ham	Sorry to trouble u again. Can buy 4d for my dad again? 1405, 1680, 1843. All 2 big 1 small, sat n sun. Thanx.
spam	As a valued customer, I am pleased to advise you that following recent review of your Mob No. you are awarded with a å£1500 Bonus Prize, call 09066368470
ham	Its hard to believe things like this. All can say lie but think twice before saying anything to me.
ham	Geeeee ... Your internet is really bad today, eh ?
ham	Thk shld b can... Ya, i wana go 4 lessons... Haha, can go for one whole stretch...
spam	TheMob>Yo yo yo-Here comes a new selection of hot downloads for our members to get for FREE! Just click & open the next link sent to ur fone...
ham	No my blankets are sufficient, thx
ham	Take care and sleep well.you need to learn to change in life.you only need to get CONVINCED on that.i will wait but no more conversations between us.GET CONVINCED by that time.Your family is over for you in many senses.respect them but not overemphasise.or u have no role in my life.
ham	Guy, no flash me now. If you go call me, call me. How madam. Take care oh.
ham	How long does applebees fucking take
ham	Hope you are having a good week. Just checking in
ham	K, jason says he's gonna be around so I'll be up there around  &lt;#&gt;
ham	It has everything to do with the weather. Keep extra warm. Its a cold but nothing serious. Pls lots of vitamin c
ham	In life when you face choices Just toss a coin not becoz its settle the question But while the coin in the air U will know what your heart is hoping for. Gudni8
spam	Free 1st week entry 2 TEXTPOD 4 a chance 2 win 40GB iPod or å£250 cash every wk. Txt POD to 84128 Ts&Cs www.textpod.net custcare 08712405020.
ham	Hey happy birthday...
spam	Are you unique enough? Find out from 30th August. www.areyouunique.co.uk
ham	I wanted to ask Ì_ to wait 4 me to finish lect. Cos my lect finishes in an hour anyway.
ham	Watching tv lor...
ham	Everybody had fun this evening. Miss you.
ham	No I don't have cancer. Moms making a big deal out of a regular checkup aka pap smear
spam	Do you ever notice that when you're driving, anyone going slower than you is an idiot and everyone driving faster than you is a maniac?
ham	Missing you too.pray inshah allah
spam	<Forwarded from 448712404000>Please CALL 08712404000 immediately as there is an urgent message waiting for you.
ham	I want to be there so i can kiss you and feel you next to me
ham	Could you not read me, my Love ? I answered you
ham	Yes I posted a couple of pics on fb. There's still snow outside too. I'm just waking up :)
ham	1) Go to write msg 2) Put on Dictionary mode 3)Cover the screen with hand, 4)Press  &lt;#&gt; . 5)Gently remove Ur hand.. Its interesting..:)
ham	alright tyler's got a minor crisis and has to be home sooner than he thought so be here asap
ham	Babe? You said 2 hours and it's been almost 4 ... Is your internet down ?
spam	Call Germany for only 1 pence per minute! Call from a fixed line via access number 0844 861 85 85. No prepayment. Direct access!
ham	S da..al r above  &lt;#&gt;
ham	Or maybe my fat fingers just press all these buttons and it doesn't know what to do.
ham	What does the dance river do?
spam	Please call our customer service representative on FREEPHONE 0808 145 4742 between 9am-11pm as you have WON a guaranteed å£1000 cash or å£5000 prize!
ham	No need lar i go engin? Cos my sis at arts today...
ham	Hows the pain dear?y r u smiling?
spam	Burger King - Wanna play footy at a top stadium? Get 2 Burger King before 1st Sept and go Large or Super with Coca-Cola and walk out a winner
ham	Yeah there's quite a bit left, I'll swing by tomorrow when I get up
ham	Hi this is yijue, can i meet u at 11 tmr?
ham	would u fuckin believe it they didnt know i had thurs pre booked off so they re cancelled me AGAIN! that needs to b sacked
ham	Otherwise had part time job na-tuition..
ham	Talk to g and x about that
ham	Save yourself the stress. If the person has a dorm account, just send your account details and the money will be sent to you.
spam	You have 1 new message. Call 0207-083-6089
spam	Married local women looking for discreet action now! 5 real matches instantly to your phone. Text MATCH to 69969 Msg cost 150p 2 stop txt stop BCMSFWC1N3XX
ham	The sign of maturity is not when we start saying big things.. But actually it is, when we start understanding small things... *HAVE A NICE EVENING* BSLVYL
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	A gram usually runs like  &lt;#&gt; , a half eighth is smarter though and gets you almost a whole second gram for  &lt;#&gt;
ham	You will be in the place of that man
ham	Sir send to group mail check it.
spam	SIX chances to win CASH! From 100 to 20,000 pounds txt> CSH11 and send to 87575. Cost 150p/day, 6days, 16+ TsandCs apply Reply HL 4 info
ham	\Hi darlin i cantdo anythingtomorrow as myparents aretaking me outfor a meal. when are u free? Katexxx\""
spam	Call 09095350301 and send our girls into erotic ecstacy. Just 60p/min. To stop texts call 08712460324 (nat rate)
ham	Midnight at the earliest
ham	what I meant to say is cant wait to see u again getting bored of this bridgwater banter
ham	Maybe i could get book out tomo then return it immediately ..? Or something.
ham	I am going to film 2day da. At 6pm. Sorry da.
spam	You are being contacted by our Dating Service by someone you know! To find out who it is, call from your mobile or landline 09064017305 PoBox75LDNS7 
ham	But that's on ebay it might be less elsewhere.
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	They don't put that stuff on the roads to keep it from getting slippery over there?
spam	Ur balance is now å£500. Ur next question is: Who sang 'Uptown Girl' in the 80's ? 2 answer txt ur ANSWER to 83600. Good luck!
ham	U r too much close to my heart. If u go away i will be shattered. Plz stay with me.
ham	No calls..messages..missed calls
ham	Shopping? Eh ger i toking abt syd leh...Haha
ham	Arun can u transfr me d amt
ham	Jus finish blowing my hair. U finish dinner already?
ham	So dont use hook up any how
ham	It took Mr owl 3 licks
ham	Then ur sis how?
ham	Surely result will offer:)
ham	True. It is passable. And if you get a high score and apply for phd, you get 5years of salary. So it makes life easier.
ham	Were gonna go get some tacos
ham	Yeah that's the impression I got
spam	WIN URGENT! Your mobile number has been awarded with a å£2000 prize GUARANTEED call 09061790121 from land line. claim 3030 valid 12hrs only 150ppm 
ham	Check with nuerologist.
ham	Go fool dont cheat others ok
ham	Say this slowly.? GOD,I LOVE YOU &amp; I NEED YOU,CLEAN MY HEART WITH YOUR BLOOD.Send this to Ten special people &amp; u c miracle tomorrow, do it,pls,pls do it...
ham	Ok thanx... Take care then...
ham	I can ask around but there's not a lot in terms of mids up here
ham	We still on for tonight?
ham	It could work, we'll reach a consensus at the next meeting
ham	I love u 2 my little pocy bell I am sorry but I love u
ham	Hey there! Glad u r better now. I hear u treated urself to a digi cam, is it good? We r off at 9pm. Have a fab new year, c u in coupla wks!
spam	YES! The only place in town to meet exciting adult singles is now in the UK. Txt CHAT to 86688 now! 150p/Msg.
ham	If I die I want u to have all my stuffs.
ham	Ever green quote ever told by Jerry in cartoon \A Person Who Irritates u Always Is the one Who Loves u Vry Much But Fails to Express It...!..!! :-) :-) gud nyt"
spam	Thanks for your Ringtone Order, Reference T91. You will be charged GBP 4 per week. You can unsubscribe at anytime by calling customer services on 09057039994
ham	Sir, i am waiting for your call, once free please call me.
ham	Yup i've finished c Ì_ there...
ham	Hello my little party animal! I just thought I'd buzz you as you were with your friends ...*grins*... Reminding you were loved and send a naughty adoring kiss
spam	Last chance 2 claim ur å£150 worth of discount vouchers-Text YES to 85023 now!SavaMob-member offers mobile T Cs 08717898035. å£3.00 Sub. 16 . Remove txt X or STOP
ham	At 4. Let's go to bill millers
ham	No shit, but I wasn't that surprised, so I went and spent the evening with that french guy I met in town here and we fooled around a bit but I didn't let him fuck me
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
spam	U have a Secret Admirer who is looking 2 make contact with U-find out who they R*reveal who thinks UR so special-call on 09065171142-stopsms-08718727870150ppm
ham	Hey mate. Spoke to the mag people. We‰Û÷re on.  the is deliver by the end of the month. Deliver on the 24th sept. Talk later. 
ham	Studying. But i.ll be free next weekend.
ham	K fyi x has a ride early tomorrow morning but he's crashing at our place tonight
ham	Ya ok, then had dinner?
ham	Yes.he have good crickiting mind
ham	Greetings me, ! Consider yourself excused.
ham	Slept? I thinkThis time ( &lt;#&gt;  pm) is not dangerous
ham	Meeting u is my work. . . Tel me when shall i do my work tomorrow
ham	Ok no prob... I'll come after lunch then...
ham	Mmmmmm ... I love you,so much, Ahmad ... I can't wait for this year to begin as every second takes me closer to being at your side. Happy New Year, my love!!
ham	That depends. How would you like to be treated? :)
spam	Todays Voda numbers ending 7548 are selected to receive a $350 award. If you have a match please call 08712300220 quoting claim code 4041 standard rates app
ham	Y Ì_ wan to go there? C doctor?
ham	Depends on individual lor e hair dresser say pretty but my parents say look gong. U kaypoh.. I also dunno wat she collecting.
ham	A famous quote : when you develop the ability to listen to 'anything' unconditionally without losing your temper or self confidence, it means you are ......... 'MARRIED'
ham	If I was I wasn't paying attention
ham	If we win its really no 1 side for long time.
ham	We live in the next  &lt;#&gt; mins
spam	FREE2DAY sexy St George's Day pic of Jordan!Txt PIC to 89080 dont miss out, then every wk a saucy celeb!4 more pics c PocketBabe.co.uk 0870241182716 å£3/wk
ham	Yo, the game almost over? Want to go to walmart soon
ham	How much she payed. Suganya.
spam	Here is your discount code RP176781. To stop further messages reply stop. www.regalportfolio.co.uk. Customer Services 08717205546
ham	Goodmorning, Today i am late for  &lt;#&gt; min.
ham	No. She's currently in scotland for that.
ham	Ok ill tell the company
spam	You have won a guaranteed å£200 award or even å£1000 cashto claim UR award call free on 08000407165 (18+) 2 stop getstop on 88222 PHP
ham	Nope i'll come online now..
ham	Mum, i've sent you many many messages since i got here. I just want to know that you are actually getting them. Do enjoy the rest of your day.
spam	U have a secret admirer who is looking 2 make contact with U-find out who they R*reveal who thinks UR so special-call on 09058094599
ham	LOOK AT AMY URE A BEAUTIFUL, INTELLIGENT WOMAN AND I LIKE U A LOT. I KNOW U DONåÕT LIKE ME LIKE THAT SO DONåÕT WORRY.
ham	I'm not sure if its still available though
ham	That's y u haf 2 keep me busy...
ham	Lol you won't feel bad when I use her money to take you out to a steak dinner =D
ham	I need you to be in my strong arms...
ham	She went to attend another two rounds today..but still did't reach home..
ham	Yeah, I'll leave in a couple minutes &amp; let you know when I get to mu
ham	Oh dang! I didn't mean o send that to you! Lol!
ham	Fuck babe, I miss you sooooo much !! I wish you were here to sleep with me ... My bed is so lonely ... I go now, to sleep ... To dream of you, my love ...
ham	Can you use foreign stamps for whatever you send them off for? 
ham	Hi hope u get this txt~journey hasnt been gd,now about 50 mins late I think.
ham	Am not working but am up to eyes in philosophy so will text u later when a bit more free for chat...
ham	Nah it's straight, if you can just bring bud or drinks or something that's actually a little more useful than straight cash
spam	This message is brought to you by GMW Ltd. and is not connected to the
ham	I don't think I can get away for a trek that long with family in town, sorry
ham	Wot u up 2 u weirdo?
ham	I am not at all happy with what you saying or doing
ham	Then i buy.
ham	Get down in gandhipuram and walk to cross cut road. Right side &lt;#&gt; street road and turn at first right.
ham	Hi where you. You in home or calicut?
ham	Good afternoon, my love ... How goes your day ? How did you sleep ? I hope your well, my boytoy ... I think of you ...
ham	Nvm take ur time.
ham	Much better now thanks lol
ham	As in i want custom officer discount oh.
spam	YOU 07801543489 are guaranteed the latests Nokia Phone, a 40GB iPod MP3 player or a å£500 prize! Txt word:COLLECT to No:83355! TC-LLC NY-USA 150p/Mt msgrcvd18+
ham	Well, i'm glad you didn't find it totally disagreeable ... Lol
ham	Hi the way I was with u 2day, is the normal way&this is the real me. UR unique&I hope I know u 4 the rest of mylife. Hope u find wot was lost.
ham	Did he just say somebody is named tampa
ham	Yes:)here tv is always available in work place..
spam	This message is free. Welcome to the new & improved Sex & Dogging club! To unsubscribe from this service reply STOP. msgs@150p 18+only
ham	Love you aathi..love u lot..
ham	Quite late lar... Ard 12 anyway i wun b drivin...
ham	I didnt get ur full msg..sometext is missing, send it again
ham	Men always needs a beautiful, intelligent, caring, loving, adjustable, cooperative wife. But the law allows only one wife....
ham	Sorry, my battery died, I can come by but I'm only getting a gram for now, where's your place?
ham	I dont want to hear philosophy. Just say what happen
ham	Lol they don't know about my awesome phone. I could click delete right now if I want.
ham	At home by the way
ham	Ok... Let u noe when i leave my house.
ham	Alright. I'm out--have a good night!
ham	Thank you so much. When we skyped wit kz and sura, we didnt get the pleasure of your company. Hope you are good. We've given you ultimatum oh! We are countin down to aburo. Enjoy! This is the message i sent days ago
ham	Evening * v good if somewhat event laden. Will fill you in, don't you worry ‰Û_ Head * ok but throat * wrecked. See you at six then!
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
spam	Dear Voucher Holder, To claim this weeks offer, at you PC please go to http://www.e-tlp.co.uk/reward. Ts&Cs apply.
ham	Ok. She'll be ok. I guess
spam	Congratulations ur awarded 500 of CD vouchers or 125gift guaranteed & Free entry 2 100 wkly draw txt MUSIC to 87066 TnCs www.Ldew.com1win150ppmx3age16
ham	My sis is catching e show in e afternoon so i'm not watching w her. So c u wan 2 watch today or tmr lor.
ham	Er yeah, i will b there at 15:26, sorry! Just tell me which pub/cafe to sit in and come wen u can
ham	Hmm thinking lor...
ham	But if she.s drinkin i'm ok.
ham	Just finished eating. Got u a plate. NOT leftovers this time.
ham	Rightio. 11.48 it is then. Well arent we all up bright and early this morning.
spam	Ur cash-balance is currently 500 pounds - to maximize ur cash-in now send GO to 86688 only 150p/meg. CC: 08718720201 HG/Suite342/2lands Row/W1j6HL
spam	Bears Pic Nick, and Tom, Pete and ... Dick. In fact, all types try gay chat with photo upload call 08718730666 (10p/min). 2 stop texts call 08712460324
spam	Filthy stories and GIRLS waiting for your
ham	I‰Û÷ve got some salt, you can rub it in my open wounds if you like!
ham	Yeah so basically any time next week you can get away from your mom &amp; get up before 3
ham	Hi Dear Call me its urgnt. I don't know whats your problem. You don't want to work or if you have any other problem at least tell me. Wating for your reply.
ham	Okay, good, no problem, and thanx!
ham	So u gonna get deus ex?
spam	\URGENT! This is the 2nd attempt to contact U!U have WON å£1000CALL 09071512432 b4 300603t&csBCM4235WC1N3XX.callcost150ppmmobilesvary. maxå£7. 50\""
ham	If you're still up, maybe leave the credit card so I can get gas when I get back like he told me to
ham	Can Ì_ send me a copy of da report?
ham	U don't remember that old commercial?
ham	1's reach home call me.
ham	Hmm...Bad news...Hype park plaza $700 studio taken...Only left 2 bedrm-$900...
ham	Get ready to put on your excellent sub face :)
ham	\HI BABE UAWAKE?FEELLIKW SHIT.JUSTFOUND OUT VIA ALETTER THATMUM GOTMARRIED 4thNOV.BEHIND OURBACKS åÐ FUCKINNICE!SELFISH
ham	No..jst change tat only..
spam	WINNER!! As a valued network customer you have been selected to receivea å£900 prize reward! To claim call 09061701461. Claim code KL341. Valid 12 hours only.
ham	Aiyo please Ì_ got time meh.
ham	It certainly puts things into perspective when something like this happens
ham	What i told before i tell. Stupid hear after i wont tell anything to you. You dad called to my brother and spoken. Not with me.
ham	\Life is nothing wen v get everything\". But \"life is everything wen v miss something \". Real value of people wil be realized only in their absence.... gud mrng"
ham	Dun b sad.. It's over.. Dun thk abt it already. Concentrate on ur other papers k.
ham	I wont get concentration dear you know you are my mind and everything :-)
ham	Printer is cool. I mean groovy. Wine is groovying
ham	I'm at bruce &amp; fowler now but I'm in my mom's car so I can't park (long story)
spam	tddnewsletter@emc1.co.uk (More games from TheDailyDraw) Dear Helen, Dozens of Free Games - with great prizesWith..
ham	7 lor... Change 2 suntec... Wat time u coming?
ham	Becoz its  &lt;#&gt;  jan whn al the post ofice is in holiday so she cn go fr the post ofice...got it duffer
ham	CHEERS LOU! YEAH WAS A GOODNITE SHAME U NEVA CAME! C YA GAILxx
ham	Sary just need Tim in the bollox &it hurt him a lot so he tol me!
ham	Captain is in our room:)
ham	K..k..i'm also fine:)when will you complete the course?
spam	HOT LIVE FANTASIES call now 08707509020 Just 20p per min NTT Ltd, PO Box 1327 Croydon CR9 5WB 0870..k
ham	TODAY is Sorry day.! If ever i was angry with you, if ever i misbehaved or hurt you? plz plz JUST SLAP URSELF Bcoz, Its ur fault, I'm basically GOOD
ham	Okay name ur price as long as its legal! Wen can I pick them up? Y u ave x ams xx
ham	Hey you still want to go for yogasana? Coz if we end at cine then can go bathe and hav the steam bath
ham	Nope wif my sis lor... Aft bathing my dog then i can bathe... Looks like it's going 2 rain soon.
ham	Yup bathe liao...
ham	that would be good ‰Û_ I'll phone you tomo lunchtime, shall I, to organise something?
ham	No got new job at bar in airport on satsgettin 4.47per hour but means no lie in! keep in touch
ham	Can not use foreign stamps in this country. Good lecture .
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	Hi. I'm always online on yahoo and would like to chat with you someday
ham	Take us out shopping and Mark will distract Isaiah.=D
ham	Oh ho. Is this the first time u use these type of words
ham	I am not sure about night menu. . . I know only about noon menu
ham	Well obviously not because all the people in my cool college life went home ;_;
ham	Get the door, I'm here
ham	Al he does is moan at me if n e thin goes wrong its my fault&al de arguments r my fault&fed up of him of himso y bother? Hav 2go, thanx.xx
ham	Dis is yijue. I jus saw ur mail. In case huiming havent sent u my num. Dis is my num.
ham	How come?
ham	HI BABE U R MOST LIKELY TO BE IN BED BUT IM SO SORRY ABOUT TONIGHT! I REALLY WANNA SEE U TOMORROW SO CALL ME AT 9. LOVE ME XXX
ham	Hey ! I want you ! I crave you ! I miss you ! I need you ! I love you, Ahmad Saeed al Hallaq ...
ham	As usual..iam fine, happy &amp; doing well..:)
ham	Oh yeah I forgot. U can only take 2 out shopping at once.
ham	Da my birthdate in certificate is in april but real date is today. But dont publish it. I shall give you a special treat if you keep the secret. Any way thanks for the wishes
spam	dating:i have had two of these. Only started after i sent a text to talk sport radio last week. Any connection do you think or coincidence?
ham	U having lunch alone? I now so bored...
spam	You are a winner U have been specially selected 2 receive å£1000 or a 4* holiday (flights inc) speak to a live operator 2 claim 0871277810910p/min (18+) 
spam	URGENT! Your Mobile number has been awarded a <UKP>2000 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09061790125 from landline. Claim 3030. Valid 12hrs only 150ppm
ham	I dont thnk its a wrong calling between us
ham	I'm e person who's doing e sms survey...
ham	Siva is in hostel aha:-.
ham	Are you up for the challenge? I know i am :)
ham	No need lar. Jus testing e phone card. Dunno network not gd i thk. Me waiting 4 my sis 2 finish bathing so i can bathe. Dun disturb u liao u cleaning ur room.
ham	Hmm ill have to think about it... ok you're forgiven! =D
ham	i can call in  &lt;#&gt;  min if thats ok
ham	Hey sweet, I was wondering when you had a moment if you might come to me ? I want to send a file to someone but it won't go over yahoo for them because their connection sucks, remember when you set up that page for me to go to and download the format disc ? Could you tell me how to do that ? Or do you know some other way to download big files ? Because they can download stuff directly from the internet. Any help would be great, my prey ... *teasing kiss*
ham	It'll be tough, but I'll do what I have to
spam	A å£400 XMAS REWARD IS WAITING FOR YOU! Our computer has randomly picked you from our loyal mobile customers to receive a å£400 reward. Just call 09066380611
ham	Yo, you around? Just got my car back
ham	I wish that I was with you. Holding you tightly. Making you see how important you are. How much you mean to me ... How much I need you ... In my life ...
spam	Monthly password for wap. mobsi.com is 391784. Use your wap phone not PC.
ham	Wylie update: my weed dealer carlos went to freedom and had a class with lunsford
ham	Pity, * was in mood for that. So...any other suggestions?
ham	What you doing?how are you?
ham	I'm in class. Will holla later
ham	A lot of this sickness thing going round. Take it easy. Hope u feel better soon. Lol
ham	U free on sat rite? U wan 2 watch infernal affairs wif me n darren n mayb xy?
spam	I don't know u and u don't know me. Send CHAT to 86688 now and let's find each other! Only 150p/Msg rcvd. HG/Suite342/2Lands/Row/W1J6HL LDN. 18 years or over.
ham	I'm ok wif it cos i like 2 try new things. But i scared u dun like mah. Cos u said not too loud.
ham	Yes..he is really great..bhaji told kallis best cricketer after sachin in world:).very tough to get out.
ham	* Was thinking about chuckin ur red green n black trainners 2 save carryin them bac on train
ham	Y she dun believe leh? I tot i told her it's true already. I thk she muz c us tog then she believe.
ham	Can you plz tell me the ans. BSLVYL sent via fullonsms.com
ham	I dunno they close oredi not... ÌÏ v ma fan...
ham	'Wnevr i wana fal in luv vth my books, My bed fals in luv vth me..!'' . Yen madodu, nav pretsorginta, nammanna pretsovru important alwa....!!:) Gud eveB-).
ham	Waiting in e car 4 my mum lor. U leh? Reach home already?
spam	Xmas & New Years Eve tickets are now on sale from the club, during the day from 10am till 8pm, and on Thurs, Fri & Sat night this week. They're selling fast!
ham	Yo come over carlos will be here soon
ham	I.ll always be there, even if its just in spirit. I.ll get a bb soon. Just trying to be sure i need it.
ham	Heart is empty without love.. Mind is empty without wisdom.. Eyes r empty without dreams &amp; Life is empty without frnds.. So Alwys Be In Touch. Good night &amp; sweet dreams
ham	Just sent again. Do you scream and moan in bed, princess?
spam	SMS. ac Blind Date 4U!: Rodds1 is 21/m from Aberdeen, United Kingdom. Check Him out http://img. sms. ac/W/icmb3cktz8r7!-4 no Blind Dates send HIDE
spam	URGENT This is our 2nd attempt to contact U. Your å£900 prize from YESTERDAY is still awaiting collection. To claim CALL NOW 09061702893
ham	Hey mr  and I are going to the sea view and having a couple of gays I mean games! Give me a bell when ya finish 
ham	Thats cool. Where should i cum? On you or in you? :)
ham	how are you? I miss you!
spam	In The Simpsons Movie released in July 2007 name the band that died at the start of the film? A-Green Day, B-Blue Day, C-Red Day. (Send A, B or C)
ham	Hey, I missed you tm of last night as my phone was on the charge ... *smiles* ... I am meeting a friend shortly
spam	lyricalladie(21/F) is inviting you to be her friend. Reply YES-910 or NO-910. See her: www.SMS.ac/u/hmmross STOP? Send STOP FRND to 62468
ham	You unbelievable faglord
ham	Now thats going to ruin your thesis!
ham	U really pig leh sleep so much. My dad wake me up at 10 smth 2 eat lunch today.
ham	WE REGRET TO INFORM U THAT THE NHS HAS MADE A MISTAKE.U WERE NEVER ACTUALLY BORN.PLEASE REPORT 2 YOR LOCAL HOSPITAL 2B TERMINATED.WE R SORRY 4 THE INCONVENIENCE
spam	U 447801259231 have a secret admirer who is looking 2 make contact with U-find out who they R*reveal who thinks UR so special-call on 09058094597
ham	Ok lor.
ham	Japanese Proverb: If one Can do it, U too Can do it, If none Can do it,U must do it Indian version: If one Can do it, LET HIM DO it.. If none Can do it,LEAVE it!! And finally Kerala version: If one can do it, Stop him doing it.. If none can do it, Make a strike against it ...
ham	Kallis wont bat in 2nd innings.
ham	Tell them the drug dealer's getting impatient
ham	Nope. Meanwhile she talk say make i greet you.
ham	ALRITE SAM ITS NIC JUST CHECKIN THAT THIS IS UR NUMBER-SO IS IT?T.B*
ham	I'm going for bath will msg you next  &lt;#&gt;  min..
ham	Kothi print out marandratha.
spam	Goal! Arsenal 4 (Henry, 7 v Liverpool 2 Henry scores with a simple shot from 6 yards from a pass by Bergkamp to give Arsenal a 2 goal margin after 78 mins.
ham	Erutupalam thandiyachu
ham	Shuhui say change 2 suntec steamboat? U noe where? Where r u now?
ham	\ME 2 BABE I FEEL THE SAME LETS JUST 4GET ABOUT IT+BOTH TRY +CHEER UP+NOT FIT SOO MUCHXXLOVE U LOCAXX\""
ham	Aldrine, rakhesh ex RTM here.pls call.urgent.
ham	 &lt;#&gt;  mins but i had to stop somewhere first.
ham	As per your request 'Melle Melle (Oru Minnaminunginte Nurungu Vettam)' has been set as your callertune for all Callers. Press *9 to copy your friends Callertune
ham	Sir, i am waiting for your call.
spam	SMS. ac JSco: Energy is high, but u may not know where 2channel it. 2day ur leadership skills r strong. Psychic? Reply ANS w/question. End? Reply END JSCO
ham	Haha yeah I see that now, be there in a sec
ham	Its ok my arm is feeling weak cuz i got a shot so we can go another time
ham	Anything lor. Juz both of us lor.
ham	K k pa Had your lunch aha.
ham	Night has ended for another day, morning has come in a special way. May you smile like the sunny rays and leaves your worries at the blue blue bay. Gud mrng
ham	Sorry to be a pain. Is it ok if we meet another night? I spent late afternoon in casualty and that means i haven't done any of y stuff42moro and that includes all my time sheets and that. Sorry. 
ham	Ok then u tell me wat time u coming later lor.
ham	Where are the garage keys? They aren't on the bookshelf
spam	Orange brings you ringtones from all time Chart Heroes, with a free hit each week! Go to Ringtones & Pics on wap. To stop receiving these tips reply STOP.
ham	If you r @ home then come down within 5 min
ham	see you then, we're all christmassy here!
ham	I also thk too fast... Xy suggest one not me. U dun wan it's ok. Going 2 rain leh where got gd.
ham	Ok i thk i got it. Then u wan me 2 come now or wat?
spam	URGENT! Your Mobile number has been awarded with a å£2000 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09061790121 from land line. Claim 3030. Valid 12hrs only 150ppm
ham	Can Ì_ all decide faster cos my sis going home liao..
ham	I'm going out to buy mum's present ar.
ham	Will it help if we propose going back again tomorrow
ham	Waiting 4 my tv show 2 start lor... U leh still busy doing ur report?
ham	Black shirt n blue jeans... I thk i c Ì_...
ham	India have to take lead:)
ham	Badrith is only for chennai:)i will surely pick for us:)no competition for him.
spam	FreeMsg Hi baby wow just got a new cam moby. Wanna C a hot pic? or Fancy a chat?Im w8in 4uTxt / rply CHAT to 82242 Hlp 08712317606 Msg150p 2rcv
ham	WHEN THE FIRST STRIKE IS A RED ONE. THE BIRD + ANTELOPE BEGIN TOPLAY IN THE FIELDOF SELFINDEPENDENCE BELIEVE THIS + THE FLOWER OF CONTENTION WILL GROW.RANDOM!
ham	Hi! You just spoke to MANEESHA V. We'd like to know if you were satisfied with the experience. Reply Toll Free with Yes or No.
spam	complimentary 4 STAR Ibiza Holiday or å£10,000 cash needs your URGENT collection. 09066364349 NOW from Landline not to lose out! Box434SK38WP150PPM18+
spam	I am hot n horny and willing I live local to you - text a reply to hear strt back from me 150p per msg Netcollex LtdHelpDesk: 02085076972 reply Stop to end
ham	I meant middle left or right?
ham	Yeah, in fact he just asked if we needed anything like an hour ago. When and how much?
ham	What's up my own oga. Left my phone at home and just saw ur messages. Hope you are good. Have a great weekend.
ham	I'm working technical support :)voice process.
ham	I don't want you to leave. But i'm barely doing what i can to stay sane. fighting with you constantly isn't helping.
ham	Wat's da model num of ur phone?
ham	Tired. I haven't slept well the past few nights.
ham	At WHAT TIME should i come tomorrow
ham	I wish things were different. I wonder when i will be able to show you how much i value you. Pls continue the brisk walks no drugs without askin me please and find things to laugh about. I love you dearly.
ham	Multiply the numbers independently and count decimal points then, for the division, push the decimal places like i showed you.
ham	Urgh, coach hot, smells of chip fat! Thanks again, especially for the duvet (not a predictive text word).
ham	Oh... Lk tt den we take e one tt ends at cine lor... Dun wan yogasana oso can... 
ham	I'm very happy for you babe ! Woo hoo party on dude!
ham	Good stuff, will do.
ham	Sday only joined.so training we started today:)
spam	Sexy Singles are waiting for you! Text your AGE followed by your GENDER as wither M or F E.G.23F. For gay men text your AGE followed by a G. e.g.23G.
ham	Goodmorning,my grandfather expired..so am on leave today.
ham	Also remember the beads don't come off. Ever.
ham	Even i cant close my eyes you are in me our vava playing umma :-D
ham	What makes you most happy?
spam	IMPORTANT INFORMATION 4 ORANGE USER 0796XXXXXX. TODAY IS UR LUCKY DAY!2 FIND OUT WHY LOG ONTO http://www.urawinner.com THERE'S A FANTASTIC PRIZEAWAITING YOU!
ham	Sac needs to carry on:)
ham	Dunno lei... I thk mum lazy to go out... I neva ask her yet...
ham	Wife.how she knew the time of murder exactly
ham	\Getting tickets 4 walsall tue 6 th march. My mate is getting me them on sat. ill pay my treat. Want 2 go. Txt bak .Terry\""
ham	Time n Smile r the two crucial things in our life. Sometimes time makes us to forget smile, and sometimes someone's smile makes us to forget time gud noon
ham	I'm home.
ham	Package all your programs well
ham	A bit of Ur smile is my hppnss, a drop of Ur tear is my sorrow, a part of Ur heart is my life, a heart like mine wil care for U, forevr as my GOODFRIEND
ham	I wish! I don't think its gonna snow that much. But it will be more than those flurries we usually get that melt before they hit the ground. Eek! We haven't had snow since &lt;#&gt; before I was even born!
ham	Hai ana tomarrow am coming on morning.  &lt;DECIMAL&gt;  ill be there in sathy then we ll go to RTO office. Reply me after came to home.
ham	Tick, tick, tick ... Babe
ham	Tomorrow i am not going to theatre. . . So i can come wherever u call me. . . Tell me where and when to come tomorrow
ham	Lol please do. Actually send a pic of yourself right now. I wanna see. Pose with a comb and hair dryer or something.
spam	CALL 09090900040 & LISTEN TO EXTREME DIRTY LIVE CHAT GOING ON IN THE OFFICE RIGHT NOW TOTAL PRIVACY NO ONE KNOWS YOUR [sic] LISTENING 60P MIN 24/7MP 0870753331018+
spam	FreeMsg Why haven't you replied to my text? I'm Randy, sexy, female and live local. Luv to hear from u. Netcollex Ltd 08700621170150p per msg reply Stop to end
ham	My Parents, My Kidz, My Friends n My Colleagues. All screaming.. SURPRISE !! and I was waiting on the sofa.. ... ..... ' NAKED...!
ham	HI DARLIN IVE JUST GOT BACK AND I HAD A REALLY NICE NIGHT AND THANKS SO MUCH FOR THE LIFT SEE U TOMORROW XXX
ham	Sorry. || mail? || 
ham	Maybe?! Say hi to  and find out if  got his card. Great escape or wetherspoons? 
spam	U can WIN å£100 of Music Gift Vouchers every week starting NOW Txt the word DRAW to 87066 TsCs www.Idew.com SkillGame, 1Winaweek, age16. 150ppermessSubscription
ham	All day working day:)except saturday and sunday..
ham	I.ll post her out l8r. In class
spam	You have WON a guaranteed å£1000 cash or a å£2000 prize. To claim yr prize call our customer service representative on 08714712394 between 10am-7pm
ham	I want to tel u one thing u should not mistake me k THIS IS THE MESSAGE THAT YOU SENT:)
ham	Which is why i never wanted to tell you any of this. Which is why i'm so short with you and on-edge as of late.
ham	That's ok. I popped in to ask bout something and she said you'd been in. Are you around tonght wen this girl comes?
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	Y dun cut too short leh. U dun like ah? She failed. She's quite sad.
ham	That's fine, I'll bitch at you about it later then
ham	whatever, im pretty pissed off.
spam	Do you want a new Video phone? 600 anytime any network mins 400 Inclusive Video calls AND downloads 5 per week Free delTOMORROW call 08002888812 or reply NOW
ham	Just haven't decided where yet eh ?
spam	Urgent! Please call 0906346330. Your ABTA complimentary 4* Spanish Holiday or å£10,000 cash await collection SAE T&Cs BOX 47 PO19 2EZ 150ppm 18+
ham	I have to take exam with march 3
ham	Yeah I'll try to scrounge something up
ham	Not yet had..ya sapna aunty manege y'day hogidhe..chinnu full weak and swalpa black agidhane..
ham	Also andros ice etc etc
ham	\OH FUCK. JUSWOKE UP IN A BED ON A BOATIN THE DOCKS. SLEPT WID 25 YEAR OLD. SPINOUT! GIV U DA GOSSIP L8R. XXX\""
spam	Call FREEPHONE 0800 542 0578 now!
ham	I thank you so much for all you do with selflessness. I love you plenty.
ham	Ok. No wahala. Just remember that a friend in need ...
ham	No way I'm going back there!
ham	Sad story of a Man - Last week was my b'day. My Wife did'nt wish me. My Parents forgot n so did my Kids . I went to work. Even my Colleagues did not wish.
ham	I bought the test yesterday. Its something that lets you know the exact day u ovulate.when will get 2u in about 2 to 3wks. But pls pls dont fret. I know u r worried. Pls relax. Also is there anything in ur past history u need to tell me?
ham	Well. Balls. Time to make calls
spam	RECPT 1/3. You have ordered a Ringtone. Your order is being processed...
ham	THATåÕS ALRITE GIRL, U KNOW GAIL IS NEVA WRONG!!TAKE CARE SWEET AND DONåÕT WORRY.C U L8TR HUN!LOVE Yaxxx
ham	hope things went well at 'doctors' ;) reminds me i still need 2go.did u c d little thing i left in the lounge?
spam	You are awarded a SiPix Digital Camera! call 09061221061 from landline. Delivery within 28days. T Cs Box177. M221BP. 2yr warranty. 150ppm. 16 . p på£3.99
ham	I know a few people I can hit up and fuck to the yes
ham	Can you talk with me..
ham	Tension ah?what machi?any problem?
spam	Hack Chat. Get backdoor entry into 121 chat rooms at a fraction of the cost. Reply NEO69 or call 09050280520, to subscribe 25p pm. DPS, Bcm box 8027 Ldn, wc1n3xx
ham	Okay. No no, just shining on. That was meant to be signing, but that sounds better.
ham	Ok lar i double check wif da hair dresser already he said wun cut v short. He said will cut until i look nice.
spam	Double mins and txts 4 6months FREE Bluetooth on Orange. Available on Sony, Nokia Motorola phones. Call MobileUpd8 on 08000839402 or call2optout/N9DX
ham	Pls what's the full name of joke's school cos fees in university of florida seem to actually be  &lt;#&gt; k. Pls holla back
ham	HMM yeah if your not too grooved out! And im looking forward to my pound special :)
ham	Will you be here for food
ham	Cool. Do you like swimming? I have a pool and jacuzzi at my house.
ham	Haha awesome, I might need to take you up on that, what you doin tonight?
ham	Did you stitch his trouser
ham	Congratulations ore mo owo re wa. Enjoy it and i wish you many happy moments to and fro wherever you go
spam	Tone Club: Your subs has now expired 2 re-sub reply MONOC 4 monos or POLYC 4 polys 1 weekly @ 150p per week Txt STOP 2 stop This msg free Stream 0871212025016
spam	We tried to contact you re your reply to our offer of a Video Handset? 750 anytime networks mins? UNLIMITED TEXT? Camcorder? Reply or call 08000930705 NOW
spam	Show ur colours! Euro 2004 2-4-1 Offer! Get an England Flag & 3Lions tone on ur phone! Click on the following service message for info!
spam	This is the 2nd time we have tried to contact u. U have won the å£1450 prize to claim just call 09053750005 b4 310303. T&Cs/stop SMS 08718725756. 140ppm
ham	Don't Think About \What u Have Got\" Think About \"How to Use It That You Have Got\" gooD ni8"
spam	Bored housewives! Chat n date now! 0871750.77.11! BT-national rate 10p/min only from landlines!
ham	If you were/are free i can give. Otherwise nalla adi entey nattil kittum
ham	Change again... It's e one next to escalator...
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	My sister going to earn more than me da.
ham	Lol no. I just need to cash in my nitros. Hurry come on before I crash out!
ham	I'll be late...
ham	I sent lanre fakeye's Eckankar details to the mail box
ham	Your gonna be the death if me. I'm gonna leave a note that says its all robs fault. Avenge me.
ham	Does she usually take fifteen fucking minutes to respond to a yes or no question
ham	O. Well uv causes mutations. Sunscreen is like essential thesedays
ham	Ok.ok ok..then..whats ur todays plan
ham	Ok
ham	Pansy! You've been living in a jungle for two years! Its my driving you should be more worried about!
ham	That's necessarily respectful
ham	Okey doke. I'm at home, but not dressed cos laying around ill! Speak to you later bout times and stuff. 
ham	Good afternoon, my boytoy ... How are you feeling today ? Better I hope? Are you being my good boy? Are you my obedient, slave? Do you please your Queen?
ham	Yeah do! Don‰Û÷t stand to close tho- you‰Û÷ll catch something!
spam	LookAtMe!: Thanks for your purchase of a video clip from LookAtMe!, you've been charged 35p. Think you can do better? Why not send a video in a MMSto 32323.
ham	Yes we were outside for like 2 hours. And I called my whole family to wake them up cause it started at 1 am
spam	U have a secret admirer who is looking 2 make contact with U-find out who they R*reveal who thinks UR so special-call on 09058094594
ham	Okay lor... Will they still let us go a not ah? Coz they will not know until later. We drop our cards into the box right?
ham	Do 1 thing! Change that sentence into: \Because i want 2 concentrate in my educational career im leaving here..\""
ham	Science tells that chocolate will melt under the sunlight. Please don't walk under the sunlight. BCoz,I don't want to loss a sweet friend.
ham	Yeah whatever lol
ham	I have many dependents
ham	We are okay. Going to sleep now. Later
ham	wiskey Brandy Rum Gin Beer Vodka Scotch Shampain Wine \KUDI\"yarasu dhina vaazhthukkal. .."
spam	U are subscribed to the best Mobile Content Service in the UK for å£3 per 10 days until you send STOP to 82324. Helpline 08706091795
ham	Wen ur lovable bcums angry wid u, dnt take it seriously.. Coz being angry is d most childish n true way of showing deep affection, care n luv!.. kettoda manda... Have nice day da.
ham	Tessy..pls do me a favor. Pls convey my birthday wishes to Nimya..pls dnt forget it. Today is her birthday Shijas
ham	No need for the drug anymore.
ham	Hey elaine, is today's meeting still on?
ham	Sorry I flaked last night, shit's seriously goin down with my roommate, what you up to tonight?
ham	Oh really? perform, write a paper, go to a movie AND be home by midnight, huh?
spam	<Forwarded from 21870000>Hi - this is your Mailbox Messaging SMS alert. You have 40 matches. Please call back on 09056242159 to retrieve your messages and matches cc100p/min
ham	Hello! Just got here, st andrews-boy its a long way! Its cold. I will keep you posted
ham	I'm really sorry i won't b able 2 do this friday.hope u can find an alternative.hope yr term's going ok:-)
ham	Erm ‰Û_ ill pick you up at about 6.45pm. That'll give enough time to get there, park and that.
ham	Ha... Then we must walk to everywhere... Cannot take tram. My cousin said can walk to vic market from our hotel 
ham	Watching tv now. I got new job :)
ham	Probably money worries. Things are coming due and i have several outstanding invoices for work i did two and three months ago.
ham	Think you sent the text to the home phone. That cant display texts. If you still want to send it his number is
ham	I'm in a meeting, call me later at
ham	Dude just saw a parked car with its sunroof popped up. Sux
ham	My superior telling that friday is leave for all other department except ours:)so it will be leave for you:)any way call waheed fathima hr and conform it:)
ham	Also are you bringing galileo or dobby
ham	Wot u up 2? Thout u were gonna call me!! Txt bak luv K
ham	Lovely smell on this bus and it ain't tobacco... 
ham	K I'll be there before 4.
ham	I dont know why she.s not getting your messages
ham	Haha get used to driving to usf man, I know a lot of stoners
ham	Did u fix the teeth?if not do it asap.ok take care.
ham	I was wondering if it would be okay for you to call uncle john and let him know that things are not the same in nigeria as they r here. That  &lt;#&gt;  dollars is 2years sent and that you know its a strain but i plan to pay back every dime he gives. Every dime so for me to expect anything from you is not practical. Something like that.
ham	Msg me when rajini comes.
ham	The length is e same but e top shorter n i got a fringe now. I thk i'm not going liao. Too lazy. Dun wan 2 distract u also.
ham	Whatever, juliana. Do whatever you want.
ham	No my mum went 2 dentist.
ham	Is ur paper today in e morn or aft?
ham	Easy ah?sen got selected means its good..
ham	Thanx a lot...
ham	Ok. Very good. Its all about making that money.
ham	Anyway i'm going shopping on my own now. Cos my sis not done yet. Dun disturb u liao.
ham	For me the love should start with attraction.i should feel that I need her every time around me.she should be the first thing which comes in my thoughts.I would start the day and end it with her.she should be there every time I dream.love will be then when my every breath has her name.my life should happen around her.my life will be named to her.I would cry for her.will give all my happiness and take all her sorrows.I will be ready to fight with anyone for her.I will be in love when I will be doing the craziest things for her.love will be when I don't have to proove anyone that my girl is the most beautiful lady on the whole planet.I will always be singing praises for her.love will be when I start up making chicken curry and end up makiing sambar.life will be the most beautiful then.will get every morning and thank god for the day because she is with me.I would like to say a lot..will tell later..
ham	I am 6 ft. We will be a good combination!
ham	Can you please ask macho what his price range is, does he want something new or used plus it he only interfued in the blackberry bold  &lt;#&gt;  or any bb
ham	Hey sathya till now we dint meet not even a single time then how can i saw the situation sathya.
spam	UR GOING 2 BAHAMAS! CallFREEFONE 08081560665 and speak to a live operator to claim either Bahamas cruise ofå£2000 CASH 18+only. To opt out txt X to 07786200117
ham	My tuition is at 330. Hm we go for the 1120 to 1205 one? Do you mind?
ham	O i played smash bros  &lt;#&gt;  religiously.
spam	44 7732584351, Do you want a New Nokia 3510i colour phone DeliveredTomorrow? With 300 free minutes to any mobile + 100 free texts + Free Camcorder reply or call 08000930705.
ham	Beautiful Truth against Gravity.. Read carefully: \Our heart feels light when someone is in it.. But it feels very heavy when someone leaves it..\" GOODMORNING"
ham	Is that seriously how you spell his name?
ham	Nope... Think i will go for it on monday... Sorry i replied so late
ham	And stop being an old man. You get to build snowman snow angels and snowball fights.
spam	HMV BONUS SPECIAL 500 pounds of genuine HMV vouchers to be won. Just answer 4 easy questions. Play Now! Send HMV to 86688 More info:www.100percent-real.com
ham	IM GONNA MISS U SO MUCH
ham	NEFT Transaction with reference number  &lt;#&gt;  for Rs. &lt;DECIMAL&gt;  has been credited to the beneficiary account on  &lt;#&gt;  at  &lt;TIME&gt; : &lt;#&gt;
ham	Yup he msg me: is tat yijue? Then i tot it's my group mate cos we meeting today mah... I'm askin if Ì_ leaving earlier or wat mah cos mayb Ì_ haf to walk v far...
ham	I hav almost reached. Call, i m unable to connect u.
ham	I am getting threats from your sales executive Shifad as i raised complaint against him. Its an official message.
ham	Good Morning plz call me sir
ham	I dont thnk its a wrong calling between us
ham	Chk in ur belovd ms dict
ham	Hiya do u like the hlday pics looked horrible in them so took mo out! Hows the camp Amrca thing? Speak soon Serena:)
ham	K..k:)where are you?how did you performed?
ham	Happy new year to u too!
ham	Thanks for ve lovely wisheds. You rock
ham	If You mean the website. Yes.
spam	Had your mobile 11 months or more? U R entitled to Update to the latest colour mobiles with camera for Free! Call The Mobile Update Co FREE on 08002986030
ham	Okie.. Thanx..
ham	Dear how is chechi. Did you talk to her
ham	Ahhh. Work. I vaguely remember that! What does it feel like? Lol
ham	Well there's a pattern emerging of my friends telling me to drive up and come smoke with them and then telling me that I'm a weed fiend/make them smoke too much/impede their doing other things so you see how I'm hesitant
ham	Fuck babe ... What happened to you ? How come you never came back?
ham	Oh wow thats gay. Will firmware update help
ham	HI DARLIN HOW WAS WORK DID U GET INTO TROUBLE? IJUST TALKED TO YOUR MUM ALL MORNING! I HAD A REALLY GOOD TIME LAST NIGHT IM GOIN OUT SOON BUT CALL ME IF U CAN
ham	That's the trouble with classes that go well - you're due a dodgey one ‰Û_ Expecting mine tomo! See you for recovery, same time, same place 
ham	Dear all, as we know  &lt;#&gt; th is the  &lt;#&gt; th birthday of our loving Gopalettan. We are planning to give a small gift on that day. Those who like to participate in that you are welcome. Please contact our admin team for more details
ham	Hi :)finally i completed the course:)
spam	WIN: We have a winner! Mr. T. Foley won an iPod! More exciting prizes soon, so keep an eye on ur mobile or visit www.win-82050.co.uk
spam	FREE for 1st week! No1 Nokia tone 4 ur mob every week just txt NOKIA to 87077 Get txting and tell ur mates. zed POBox 36504 W45WQ norm150p/tone 16+
ham	I just got home babe, are you still awake ?
ham	Jesus armand really is trying to tell everybody he can find
ham	Me sef dey laugh you. Meanwhile how's my darling anjie!
ham	Should I head straight there or what
ham	The new deus ex game comin early next yr
ham	K.k:)apo k.good movie.
ham	Tell your friends what you plan to do on Valentines day @ &lt;URL&gt;
ham	I havent lei.. Next mon can?
ham	Then get some cash together and I'll text jason
ham	I got to video tape pple type in message lor. U so free wan 2 help me? Hee... Cos i noe u wan 2 watch infernal affairs so ask u along. Asking shuhui oso.
ham	Talk With Yourself Atleast Once In A Day...!!! Otherwise You Will Miss Your Best FRIEND In This WORLD...!!! -Shakespeare- SHESIL  &lt;#&gt;
spam	Bored of speed dating? Try SPEEDCHAT, txt SPEEDCHAT to 80155, if you don't like em txt SWAP and get a new chatter! Chat80155 POBox36504W45WQ 150p/msg rcd 16
spam	SplashMobile: Choose from 1000s of gr8 tones each wk! This is a subscrition service with weekly tones costing 300p. U have one credit - kick back and ENJOY
ham	My love ... I hope your not doing anything drastic. Don't you dare sell your pc or your phone ...
ham	I am in escape theatre now. . Going to watch KAVALAN in a few minutes
ham	Oh yeah clearly it's my fault
ham	Fuuuuck I need to stop sleepin, sup
ham	Hey, a guy I know is breathing down my neck to get him some bud, anyway you'd be able to get a half track to usf tonight?
ham	U still going to the mall?
ham	what is your account number?
ham	Sorry i missed your call. Can you please call back.
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	Hi msg me:)i'm in office..
ham	Now u sound like manky scouse boy steve,like! I is travelling on da bus home.wot has u inmind 4 recreation dis eve?
ham	Boo I'm on my way to my moms. She's making tortilla soup. Yummmm
ham	Rofl betta invest in some  anti aging products
ham	And how's your husband.
ham	The message sent is askin for  &lt;#&gt; dollars. Shoul i pay  &lt;#&gt;  or  &lt;#&gt; ?
ham	Wat r u doing?
ham	Piggy, r u awake? I bet u're still sleeping. I'm going 4 lunch now...
ham	I've told him that i've returned it. That should i re order it.
ham	Babe, I need your advice
spam	This is the 2nd time we have tried 2 contact u. U have won the 750 Pound prize. 2 claim is easy, call 08718726970 NOW! Only 10p per min. BT-national-rate 
spam	Ur balance is now å£600. Next question: Complete the landmark, Big, A. Bob, B. Barry or C. Ben ?. Text A, B or C to 83738. Good luck!
ham	Convey my regards to him
ham	So do you have samus shoulders yet
ham	That means from february to april i'll be getting a place to stay down there so i don't have to hustle back and forth during audition season as i have since my sister moved away from harlem.
ham	Don no da:)whats you plan?
ham	I'll text you when I drop x off
ham	What's happening with you. Have you gotten a job and have you begun registration for permanent residency
ham	THING R GOOD THANX GOT EXAMS IN MARCH IVE DONE NO REVISION? IS FRAN STILL WITH BOYF? IVE GOTTA INTERVIW 4 EXETER BIT WORRIED!x
ham	It does it on its own. Most of the time it fixes my spelling. But sometimes it gets a completely diff word. Go figure
ham	\HEY DAS COOL... IKNOW ALL 2 WELLDA PERIL OF STUDENTFINANCIAL CRISIS!SPK 2 U L8R.\""
spam	2p per min to call Germany 08448350055 from your BT line. Just 2p per min. Check PlanetTalkInstant.com for info & T's & C's. Text stop to opt out
ham	Don know..he is watching film in computer..
ham	Well I might not come then...
spam	How come it takes so little time for a child who is afraid of the dark to become a teenager who wants to stay out all night?
ham	Ok i'm coming home now.
ham	Do you know what Mallika Sherawat did yesterday? Find out now @  &lt;URL&gt;
spam	Sunshine Quiz Wkly Q! Win a top Sony DVD player if u know which country the Algarve is in? Txt ansr to 82277. å£1.50 SP:Tyrone
ham	Hey morning what you come to ask:-) pa...
ham	So wat's da decision?
ham	Nowadays people are notixiquating the laxinorficated opportunity for bambling of entropication.... Have you ever oblisingately opted ur books for the masteriastering amplikater of fidalfication? It is very champlaxigating, i think it is atrocious.. Wotz Ur Opinion???? Junna
spam	You can donate å£2.50 to UNICEF's Asian Tsunami disaster support fund by texting DONATE to 864233. å£2.50 will be added to your next bill
ham	\NOT ENUFCREDEIT TOCALL.SHALL ILEAVE UNI AT 6 +GET A BUS TO YOR HOUSE?\""
ham	Sounds like a plan! Cardiff is still here and still cold! I'm sitting on the radiator!
ham	Anyway holla at me whenever you're around because I need an excuse to go creep on people in sarasota
ham	Goodnight da thangam I really miss u dear.
ham	Spending new years with my brother and his family. Lets plan to meet next week. Are you ready to be spoiled? :)
ham	Ard 6 like dat lor.
ham	&lt;#&gt;  great loxahatchee xmas tree burning update: you can totally see stars here
spam	Freemsg: 1-month unlimited free calls! Activate SmartCall Txt: CALL to No: 68866. Subscriptn3gbp/wk unlimited calls Help: 08448714184 Stop?txt stop landlineonly
ham	How much you got for cleaning
ham	Oops, I'll let you know when my roommate's done
ham	What time you coming down later? 
ham	Its a site to simulate the test. It just gives you very tough questions to test your readiness.
ham	There the size of elephant tablets & u shove um up ur ass!!
ham	Weightloss! No more girl friends. Make loads of money on ebay or something. And give thanks to God.
ham	Call me. I m unable to cal. Lets meet bhaskar, and deep
ham	No, I was trying it all weekend ;V
spam	u r a winner U ave been specially selected 2 receive å£1000 cash or a 4* holiday (flights inc) speak to a live operator 2 claim 0871277810710p/min (18 )
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	It has issues right now. Ill fix for her by tomorrow.
spam	Get a brand new mobile phone by being an agent of The Mob! Plus loads more goodies! For more info just text MAT to 87021.
ham	Left dessert. U wan me 2 go suntec look 4 u?
ham	Its ok, called mom instead have fun
ham	Book which lesson? then you msg me... I will call up after work or sth... I'm going to get specs. My membership is PX3748
ham	I'm sorry. I've joined the league of people that dont keep in touch. You mean a great deal to me. You have been a friend at all times even at great personal cost. Do have a great week.|
ham	Hey... Very inconvenient for your sis a not huh?
ham	Will do, you gonna be at blake's all night? I might be able to get out of here a little early
ham	Uhhhhrmm isnt having tb test bad when youre sick
ham	We don call like  &lt;#&gt;  times oh. No give us hypertension oh.
ham	Ummma.will call after check in.our life will begin from qatar so pls pray very hard.
ham	Haha I heard that, text me when you're around
ham	Ok...
spam	FreeMsg: Hey - I'm Buffy. 25 and love to satisfy men. Home alone feeling randy. Reply 2 C my PIX! QlynnBV Help08700621170150p a msg Send stop to stop txts
ham	Which channel:-):-):):-).
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	Am I the only one who doesn't stalk profiles?
ham	How many times i told in the stage all use to laugh. You not listen aha.
ham	We took hooch for a walk toaday and i fell over! Splat! Grazed my knees and everything! Should have stayed at home! See you tomorrow! 
ham	Hey you told your name to gautham ah?
ham	Yup but it's not giving me problems now so mayb i'll jus leave it...
ham	I am great princess! What are you thinking about me? :)
spam	HMV BONUS SPECIAL 500 pounds of genuine HMV vouchers to be won. Just answer 4 easy questions. Play Now! Send HMV to 86688 More info:www.100percent-real.com
spam	thesmszone.com lets you send free anonymous and masked messages..im sending this message from there..do you see the potential for abuse???
spam	PRIVATE! Your 2003 Account Statement for shows 800 un-redeemed S. I. M. points. Call 08715203652 Identifier Code: 42810 Expires 29/10/0
spam	Final Chance! Claim ur å£150 worth of discount vouchers today! Text YES to 85023 now! SavaMob, member offers mobile! T Cs SavaMob POBOX84, M263UZ. å£3.00 Subs 16
ham	Wot is u up 2 then bitch?
ham	You can never do NOTHING
ham	When i have stuff to sell i.ll tell you
ham	Am i that much bad to avoid like this?
ham	Does uncle timi help in clearing cars
ham	Lol! U drunkard! Just doing my hair at d moment. Yeah still up 4 tonight. Wats the plan? 
ham	G wants to know where the fuck you are
ham	From someone not to smoke when every time I've smoked in the last two weeks is because of you calling or texting me that you wanted to smoke
spam	FREE MESSAGE Activate your 500 FREE Text Messages by replying to this message with the word FREE For terms & conditions, visit www.07781482378.com
ham	For you information, IKEA is spelled with all caps. That is not yelling. when you thought i had left you, you were sitting on the bed among the mess when i came in. i said we were going after you got home from class. please don't try and bullshit me. It makes me want to listen to you less.
ham	I only work from mon to thurs but Sat i cant leh... Booked liao... Which other day u free?
ham	Jus came back fr lunch wif my sis only. U leh?
ham	Yup
spam	money!!! you r a lucky winner ! 2 claim your prize text money 2 88600 over å£1million to give away ! ppt150x3+normal text rate box403 w1t1jy
ham	I don't know jack shit about anything or i'd say/ask something helpful but if you want you can pretend that I did and just text me whatever in response to the hypotheticalhuagauahahuagahyuhagga
ham	Hi! You just spoke to MANEESHA V. We'd like to know if you were satisfied with the experience. Reply Toll Free with Yes or No.
spam	HOT LIVE FANTASIES call now 08707509020 Just 20p per min NTT Ltd, PO Box 1327 Croydon CR9 5WB 0870 is a national rate call
ham	Aight ill get on fb in a couple minutes
ham	Dude got a haircut. Now its breezy up there
spam	Congratulations ur awarded either å£500 of CD gift vouchers & Free entry 2 our å£100 weekly draw txt MUSIC to 87066 TnCs www.Ldew.com1win150ppmx3age16
ham	The world is running and i am still.maybe all are feeling the same,so be it.or i have to admit,i am mad.then where is the correction?or let me call this is life.and keep running with the world,may be u r also running.lets run.
ham	No plm i will come da. On the way.
spam	500 New Mobiles from 2004, MUST GO! Txt: NOKIA to No: 89545 & collect yours today!From ONLY å£1 www.4-tc.biz 2optout 087187262701.50gbp/mtmsg18 TXTAUCTION
ham	Delhi and chennai still silent.
ham	Thanks chikku..:-) gud nyt:-*
ham	Lol I know! They're so dramatic. Schools already closed for tomorrow. Apparently we can't drive in the inch of snow were supposed to get.
ham	I.ll get there tomorrow and send it to you
ham	So the sun is anti sleep medicine.
ham	Don't forget though that I love you .... And I walk beside you. Watching over you and keeping your heart warm.
spam	Urgent! call 09066350750 from your landline. Your complimentary 4* Ibiza Holiday or 10,000 cash await collection SAE T&Cs PO BOX 434 SK3 8WP 150 ppm 18+
ham	When you just put in the + sign, choose my number and the pin will show. Right?
ham	About  &lt;#&gt; bucks. The banks fees are fixed. Better to call the bank and find out.
ham	How about clothes, jewelry, and trips?
ham	Good morning, my Love ... I go to sleep now and wish you a great day full of feeling better and opportunity ... You are my last thought babe, I LOVE YOU *kiss*
spam	Natalja (25/F) is inviting you to be her friend. Reply YES-440 or NO-440 See her: www.SMS.ac/u/nat27081980 STOP? Send STOP FRND to 62468
ham	I am late. I will be there at
ham	I'm going 2 orchard now laready me reaching soon. U reaching?
spam	SMS SERVICES. for your inclusive text credits, pls goto www.comuk.net login= 3qxj9 unsubscribe with STOP, no extra charge. help 08702840625.COMUK. 220-CM2 9AE
ham	Dunno dat's wat he told me. Ok lor...
ham	As if i wasn't having enough trouble sleeping.
ham	Been running but only managed 5 minutes and then needed oxygen! Might have to resort to the roller option!
ham	I told her I had a Dr appt next week. She thinks I'm gonna die. I told her its just a check. Nothing to be worried about. But she didn't listen.
ham	Convey my regards to him
ham	I wnt to buy a BMW car urgently..its vry urgent.but hv a shortage of  &lt;#&gt; Lacs.there is no source to arng dis amt. &lt;#&gt; lacs..thats my prob
ham	Dear,Me at cherthala.in case u r coming cochin pls call bfore u start.i shall also reach accordingly.or tell me which day u r coming.tmorow i am engaged ans its holiday.
spam	New Tones This week include: 1)McFly-All Ab.., 2) Sara Jorge-Shock.. 3) Will Smith-Switch.. To order follow instructions on next message
spam	Not heard from U4 a while. Call 4 rude chat private line 01223585334 to cum. Wan 2C pics of me gettin shagged then text PIX to 8552. 2End send STOP 8552 SAM xxx
ham	Gud mrng dear hav a nice day
ham	Sad story of a Man - Last week was my b'day. My Wife did'nt wish me. My Parents forgot n so did my Kids . I went to work. Even my Colleagues did not wish. As I entered my cabin my PA said, '' Happy B'day Boss !!''. I felt special. She askd me 4 lunch. After lunch she invited me to her apartment. We went there. She said,'' do u mind if I go into the bedroom for a minute ? '' ''OK'', I sed in a sexy mood. She came out 5 minuts latr wid a cake...n My Wife, My Parents, My Kidz, My Friends n My Colleagues. All screaming.. SURPRISE !! and I was waiting on the sofa.. ... ..... ' NAKED...!
ham	Yeah sure I'll leave in a min
ham	I'm hungry buy smth home...
spam	FreeMsg:Feelin kinda lnly hope u like 2 keep me company! Jst got a cam moby wanna c my pic?Txt or reply DATE to 82242 Msg150p 2rcv Hlp 08712317606 stop to 82242
spam	449050000301 You have won a å£2,000 price! To claim, call 09050000301.
spam	If you don't, your prize will go to another customer. T&C at www.t-c.biz 18+ 150p/min Polo Ltd Suite 373 London W1J 6HL Please call back if busy 
ham	So anyways, you can just go to your gym or whatever, my love *smiles* I hope your ok and having a good day babe ... I miss you so much already
ham	Ok pa. Nothing problem:-)
ham	Yes.i'm in office da:)
ham	Just looked it up and addie goes back Monday, sucks to be her
ham	S.i'm watching it in live..
ham	Hello. No news on job, they are making me wait a fifth week! Yeah im up for some woozles and weasels... In exeter still, but be home about 3. 
ham	Aight, see you in a bit
ham	Oh really?? Did you make it on air? What's your talent?
spam	PRIVATE! Your 2004 Account Statement for 07742676969 shows 786 unredeemed Bonus Points. To claim call 08719180248 Identifier Code: 45239 Expires
ham	Lol ok ill try to send. Be warned Sprint is dead slow. You'll prolly get it tomorrow
ham	Alright, we're all set here, text the man
ham	God picked up a flower and dippeditinaDEW, lovingly touched itwhichturnedinto u, and the he gifted tomeandsaid,THIS FRIEND IS 4U
ham	It is only yesterday true true.
spam	You have an important customer service announcement from PREMIER. Call FREEPHONE 0800 542 0578 now!
ham	Ding me on ya break fassyole! Blacko from londn
ham	G says you never answer your texts, confirm/deny
ham	Oh... Okie lor...We go on sat... 
ham	Tessy..pls do me a favor. Pls convey my birthday wishes to Nimya..pls dnt forget it. Today is her birthday Shijas
ham	Hope you are having a great day.
spam	Hello darling how are you today? I would love to have a chat, why dont you tell me what you look like and what you are in to sexy?
ham	Call me when you/carlos is/are here, my phone's vibrate is acting up and I might not hear texts
spam	Back 2 work 2morro half term over! Can U C me 2nite 4 some sexy passion B4 I have 2 go back? Chat NOW 09099726481 Luv DENA Calls å£1/minMobsmoreLKPOBOX177HP51FL
ham	Pls go there today  &lt;#&gt; . I dont want any excuses
ham	Oh... Icic... K lor, den meet other day...
ham	I am waiting machan. Call me once you free.
ham	I wud never mind if u dont miss me or if u dont need me.. But u wil really hurt me wen u need me &amp; u dont tell me......... Take care:-)
ham	R u in this continent?
ham	Omg if its not one thing its another. My cat has worms :/ when does this bad day end?
ham	Good sleep is about rhythm. The person has to establish a rhythm that the body will learn and use. If you want to know more :-)
ham	o turns out i had stereo love on mi phone under the unknown album.
ham	I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
ham	Hey they r not watching movie tonight so i'll prob b home early...
spam	Don't b floppy... b snappy & happy! Only gay chat service with photo upload call 08718730666 (10p/min). 2 stop our texts call 08712460324
ham	Usually the person is unconscious that's in children but in adults they may just behave abnormally. I.ll call you now
ham	I'm watching lotr w my sis dis aft. So u wan 2 meet me 4 dinner at nite a not?
ham	Its a part of checking IQ
ham	Its a great day. Do have yourself a beautiful one.
spam	Please CALL 08712402972 immediately as there is an urgent message waiting for you
ham	Why you keeping me away like this
ham	I came hostel. I m going to sleep. Plz call me up before class. Hrishi.
ham	Wat makes some people dearer is not just de happiness dat u feel when u meet them but de pain u feel when u miss dem!!!
spam	\For the most sparkling shopping breaks from 45 per person; call 0121 2025050 or visit www.shortbreaks.org.uk\""
spam	January Male Sale! Hot Gay chat now cheaper, call 08709222922. National rate from 1.5p/min cheap to 7.8p/min peak! To stop texts call 08712460324 (10p/min)
ham	ÌÏ collecting ur laptop then going to configure da settings izzit?
ham	No. Yes please. Been swimming?
ham	Guessin you ain't gonna be here before 9?
ham	Not sure yet, still trying to get a hold of him
ham	Still i have not checked it da. . .
ham	Looks like you found something to do other than smoke, great job!
ham	Are you wet right now?
spam	http//tms. widelive.com/index. wml?id=820554ad0a1705572711&first=trueåÁC C RingtoneåÁ
ham	They finally came to fix the ceiling.
ham	Hi, Mobile no.  &lt;#&gt;  has added you in their contact list on www.fullonsms.com It s a great place to send free sms to people For more visit fullonsms.com
ham	Yar else i'll thk of all sorts of funny things.
spam	Today's Offer! Claim ur å£150 worth of discount vouchers! Text YES to 85023 now! SavaMob, member offers mobile! T Cs 08717898035. å£3.00 Sub. 16 . Unsub reply X
ham	(I should add that I don't really care and if you can't I can at least get this dude to fuck off but hey, your money if you want it)
spam	Money i have won wining number 946 wot do i do next
ham	Ya just telling abt tht incident..
ham	U in town alone?
ham	And stop wondering \wow is she ever going to stop tm'ing me ?!\" because I will tm you whenever I want because you are MINE ... *laughs*"
ham	Awesome, I remember the last time we got somebody high for the first time with diesel :V
ham	Hi did u decide wot 2 get 4 his bday if not ill prob jus get him a voucher frm virgin or sumfing 
spam	EASTENDERS TV Quiz. What FLOWER does DOT compare herself to? D= VIOLET E= TULIP F= LILY txt D E or F to 84025 NOW 4 chance 2 WIN å£100 Cash WKENT/150P16+
ham	Haha better late than ever, any way I could swing by?
ham	Oh that was a forwarded message. I thought you send that to me
ham	Huh so slow i tot u reach long ago liao... U 2 more days only i 4 more leh...
ham	Whatsup there. Dont u want to sleep
ham	Mine here like all fr china then so noisy.
ham	What time. I‰Û÷m out until prob 3 or so
ham	I told your number to gautham..
ham	You are not bothering me but you have to trust my answers. Pls.
ham	How much is torch in 9ja.
ham	Is avatar supposed to have subtoitles
ham	In sch but neva mind u eat 1st lor..
ham	Ola would get back to you maybe not today but I ve told him you can be his direct link in the US in getting cars he bids for online, you arrange shipping and you get a cut. Or U????? For a partnership where U????? Invest money for shipping and he takes care of the rest!U??Wud b self reliant soon dnt worry
spam	Loans for any purpose even if you have Bad Credit! Tenants Welcome. Call NoWorriesLoans.com on 08717111821
ham	i dnt wnt to tlk wid u
ham	Send me yetty's number pls.
ham	Hello, my boytoy! I made it home and my constant thought is of you, my love. I hope your having a nice visit but I can't wait till you come home to me ...*kiss*
ham	Enjoy urself tmr...
spam	Auction round 4. The highest bid is now å£54. Next maximum bid is å£71. To bid, send BIDS e. g. 10 (to bid å£10) to 83383. Good luck.
ham	K, fyi I'm back in my parents' place in south tampa so I might need to do the deal somewhere else
ham	Thts god's gift for birds as humans hav some natural gift frm god..
ham	Ups which is 3days also, and the shipping company that takes 2wks. The other way is usps which takes a week but when it gets to lag you may have to bribe nipost to get your stuff.
ham	Oh ho. Is this the first time u use these type of words
ham	Is there coming friday is leave for pongal?do you get any news from your work place.
ham	So how many days since then?
ham	Dad says hurry the hell up
ham	Yar lor wait 4 my mum 2 finish sch then have lunch lor... I whole morning stay at home clean my room now my room quite clean... Hee...
ham	Are you happy baby ? Are you alright ? Did you take that job ? I hope your fine. I send you a kiss to make you smile from across the sea ... *kiss* *kiss*
spam	Dorothy@kiefer.com (Bank of Granite issues Strong-Buy) EXPLOSIVE PICK FOR OUR MEMBERS *****UP OVER 300% *********** Nasdaq Symbol CDGT That is a $5.00 per..
ham	* Will be september by then!
ham	Sounds great! Im going to sleep now. Have a good night!
ham	Jay told me already, will do
ham	Please reserve ticket on saturday eve from chennai to thirunelvali and again from tirunelvali to chennai on sunday eve...i already see in net..no ticket available..i want to book ticket through tackle ..
ham	True. Its easier with her here.
ham	U dun say so early hor... U c already then say...
spam	Wan2 win a Meet+Greet with Westlife 4 U or a m8? They are currently on what tour? 1)Unbreakable, 2)Untamed, 3)Unkempt. Text 1,2 or 3 to 83049. Cost 50p +std text
ham	Sorry im getting up now, feel really bad- totally rejected that kinda me thing.
ham	I think it's all still in my car
ham	Waqt se pehle or naseeb se zyada kisi ko kuch nahi milta,Zindgi wo nahi he jo hum sochte hai Zindgi wo hai jo ham jeetey hai..........
spam	Had your mobile 10 mths? Update to the latest Camera/Video phones for FREE. KEEP UR SAME NUMBER, Get extra free mins/texts. Text YES for a call
ham	Stupid auto correct on my phone
ham	Some of them told accenture is not confirm. Is it true.
ham	* Will have two more cartons off u and is very pleased with shelves
ham	Hmm...my uncle just informed me that he's paying the school directly. So pls buy food.
ham	Huh y lei...
ham	I love to wine and dine my lady!
ham	get ready to moan and scream :)
ham	Taka lor. Wat time u wan 2 come n look 4 us?
ham	Dont kick coco when he's down
ham	How are you, my Love ? Are you with your brother ? Time to talk english with him ? *grins* Say : Hey Muhommad, Penny says hello from across the sea
ham	I'm also came to room.
ham	I had been hoping i would not have to send you this message. My rent is due and i dont have enough for it. My reserves are completely gone. Its a loan i need and was hoping you could her. The balance is  &lt;#&gt; . Is there a way i could get that from you, till mid march when i hope to pay back.
spam	To review and KEEP the fantastic Nokia N-Gage game deck with Club Nokia, go 2 www.cnupdates.com/newsletter. unsubscribe from alerts reply with the word OUT
ham	I've not sent it. He can send me.
ham	Beauty sleep can help ur pimples too.
spam	Please CALL 08712402578 immediately as there is an urgent message waiting for you
ham	O we cant see if we can join denis and mina? Or does denis want alone time
spam	Message Important information for O2 user. Today is your lucky day! 2 find out why log onto http://www.urawinner.com there is a fantastic surprise awaiting you
ham	But i have to. I like to have love and arrange.
ham	I call you later, don't have network. If urgnt, sms me.
spam	Hope you enjoyed your new content. text stop to 61610 to unsubscribe. help:08712400602450p Provided by tones2you.co.uk
ham	Kallis is ready for bat in 2nd innings
ham	Sorry, I'll call later ok bye
ham	Hai priya are you right. What doctor said pa. Where are you.
ham	Raji..pls do me a favour. Pls convey my Birthday wishes to Nimya. Pls. Today is her birthday.
ham	Those were my exact intentions
spam	Dear Voucher holder Have your next meal on us. Use the following link on your pc 2 enjoy a 2 4 1 dining experiencehttp://www.vouch4me.com/etlp/dining.asp
ham	Sorry, was in the bathroom, sup
ham	S now only i took tablets . Reaction morning only.
ham	So gd got free ice cream... I oso wan...
ham	Then u drive lor.
ham	Was it something u ate?
ham	My battery is low babe
ham	Now, whats your house # again ? And do you have any beer there ?
ham	I.ll hand her my phone to chat wit u
ham	Actually fuck that, just do whatever, do find an excuse to be in tampa at some point before january though
ham	Yup it's at paragon... I havent decided whether 2 cut yet... Hee...
ham	How come u got nothing to do?
ham	Is ur changes 2 da report big? Cos i've already made changes 2 da previous report.
ham	Ill call u 2mrw at ninish, with my address that icky American freek wont stop callin me 2 bad Jen k eh?
ham	Ya had just now.onion roast.
spam	We tried to contact you re your reply to our offer of 750 mins 150 textand a new video phone call 08002988890 now or reply for free delivery tomorrow
ham	Many more happy returns of the day. I wish you happy birthday.
ham	Hi there. We have now moved in2 our pub . Would be great 2 c u if u cud come up.
ham	Thats cool! I am a gentleman and will treat you with dignity and respect.
ham	Poor girl can't go one day lmao
ham	Was playng 9 doors game and gt racing on phone lol
ham	No wonder... Cos i dun rem seeing a silver car... But i thk i saw a black one...
ham	Yup. Wun believe wat? U really neva c e msg i sent shuhui?
ham	Alright we'll bring it to you, see you in like  &lt;#&gt;  mins
spam	5p 4 alfie Moon's Children in need song on ur mob. Tell ur m8s. Txt Tone charity to 8007 for Nokias or Poly charity for polys: zed 08701417012 profit 2 charity.
ham	I wish u were here. I feel so alone
ham	Dude im no longer a pisces. Im an aquarius now.
ham	Stupid.its not possible
ham	Went to ganesh dress shop
ham	Hey no I ad a crap nite was borin without ya 2 boggy with me u boring biatch! Thanx but u wait til nxt time il ave ya 
ham	Geeeee ... I love you so much I can barely stand it
ham	You've always been the brainy one.
ham	Hahaha..use your brain dear
ham	Lol for real. She told my dad I have cancer
ham	Garbage bags, eggs, jam, bread, hannaford wheat chex
ham	Long after I quit. I get on only like 5 minutes a day as it is.
ham	Hello madam how are you ?
ham	it's really getting me down just hanging around.
ham	Haha yeah, 2 oz is kind of a shitload
ham	For my family happiness..
spam	Last Chance! Claim ur å£150 worth of discount vouchers today! Text SHOP to 85023 now! SavaMob, offers mobile! T Cs SavaMob POBOX84, M263UZ. å£3.00 Sub. 16
ham	Me too baby! I promise to treat you well! I bet you will take good care of me...
ham	How much is blackberry bold2 in nigeria.
ham	Hey so whats the plan this sat? 
spam	Someone has contacted our dating service and entered your phone because they fancy you! To find out who it is call from a landline 09111032124 . PoBox12n146tf150p
ham	Yeah, probably here for a while
ham	Pls come quick cant bare this.
ham	ALSO TELL HIM I SAID HAPPY BIRTHDAY
ham	There is os called ubandu which will run without installing in hard disk...you can use that os to copy the important files in system and give it to repair shop..
ham	Daddy will take good care of you :)
ham	I'm ok. Will do my part tomorrow
ham	God's love has no limit. God's grace has no measure. God's power has no boundaries. May u have God's endless blessings always in ur life...!! Gud ni8
ham	After completed degree. There is no use in joining finance.
ham	Hmmm ... And imagine after you've come home from that having to rub my feet, make me dinner and help me get ready for my date ! Are you sure your ready for that kind of life ?
spam	FREE>Ringtone! Reply REAL or POLY eg REAL1 1. PushButton 2. DontCha 3. BabyGoodbye 4. GoldDigger 5. WeBeBurnin 1st tone FREE and 6 more when u join for å£3/wk
ham	Jay is snickering and tells me that x is totally fucking up the chords as we speak
ham	I'm back &amp; we're packing the car now, I'll let you know if there's room
ham	Nobody can decide where to eat and dad wants Chinese
ham	For real when u getting on yo? I only need 2 more tickets and one more jacket and I'm done. I already used all my multis.
ham	Hey hun-onbus goin 2 meet him. He wants 2go out 4a meal but I donyt feel like it cuz have 2 get last bus home!But hes sweet latelyxxx
ham	I am thinking of going down to reg for pract lessons.. Flung my advance.. Haha wat time u going?
ham	U sleeping now.. Or you going to take? Haha.. I got spys wat.. Me online checking n replying mails lor..
ham	Great. I'm in church now, will holla when i get out
ham	Lol boo I was hoping for a laugh
ham	Saw Guys and Dolls last night with Patrick Swayze it was great
ham	Lemme know when you're here
ham	Horrible u eat macs eat until u forgot abt me already rite... U take so long 2 reply. I thk it's more toot than b4 so b prepared. Now wat shall i eat?
ham	For fear of fainting with the of all that housework you just did? Quick have a cuppa
ham	Unni thank you dear for the recharge..Rakhesh
ham	Ha ha - had popped down to the loo when you hello-ed me. Hello!
ham	Hello, my love! How goes that day ? I wish your well and fine babe and hope that you find some job prospects. I miss you, boytoy ... *a teasing kiss*
ham	2 and half years i missed your friendship:-)
ham	Yo chad which gymnastics class do you wanna take? The site says Christians class is full..
spam	TheMob> Check out our newest selection of content, Games, Tones, Gossip, babes and sport, Keep your mobile fit and funky text WAP to 82468
ham	sorry, no, have got few things to do. may be in pub later.
ham	Helloooo... Wake up..! \Sweet\" \"morning\" \"welcomes\" \"You\" \"Enjoy\" \"This Day\" \"with full of joy\".. \"GUD MRNG\"."
ham	How are you enjoying this semester? Take care brother.
spam	You have 1 new voicemail. Please call 08719181503
ham	Da is good good player.why he is unsold.
ham	Is ur lecture over?
ham	, how's things? Just a quick question.
ham	I got like $ &lt;#&gt; , I can get some more later though. Get whatever you feel like
ham	I'm good. Have you registered to vote?
ham	Your daily text from me ‰ÛÒ a favour this time
ham	Aight, I'll text you when I'm back
ham	Tell where you reached
ham	K. I will sent it again
ham	I just saw ron burgundy captaining a party boat so yeah
ham	Right on brah, see you later
ham	K, wait chikku..il send aftr  &lt;#&gt; mins
ham	Want to send me a virtual hug?... I need one
spam	Your free ringtone is waiting to be collected. Simply text the password \MIX\" to 85069 to verify. Get Usher and Britney. FML
ham	Do you know where my lab goggles went
ham	Well, I have to leave for my class babe ... You never came back to me ... :-( ... Hope you have a nice sleep, my love
ham	say thanks2. 
ham	His frens go then he in lor. Not alone wif my mum n sis lor.
ham	I will come tomorrow di
ham	Dude u knw also telugu..thts gud..k, gud nyt..
ham	U GOIN OUT 2NITE?
ham	Ok... Then r we meeting later?
ham	Ok da, i already planned. I wil pick you.
ham	Your dad is back in ph?
ham	Yup next stop.
ham	alright, I'll make sure the car is back tonight
ham	Yeah why not, is the gang all ready
ham	Once free call me sir. I am waiting for you.
ham	Thanx 4 2day! U r a goodmate I THINK UR RITE SARY! ASUSUAL!1 U CHEERED ME UP! LOVE U FRANYxxxxx
ham	sorry brah, just finished the last of my exams, what up
spam	Text & meet someone sexy today. U can find a date or even flirt its up to U. Join 4 just 10p. REPLY with NAME & AGE eg Sam 25. 18 -msg recd@thirtyeight pence
ham	Mum, hope you are having a great day. Hoping this text meets you well and full of life. Have a great day. Abiola
ham	No. I meant the calculation is the same. That  &lt;#&gt; units at  &lt;#&gt; . This school is really expensive. Have you started practicing your accent. Because its important. And have you decided if you are doing 4years of dental school or if you'll just do the nmde exam.
ham	I am on the way to tirupur.
ham	I had a good time too. Its nice to do something a bit different with my weekends for a change. See ya soon
spam	Fantasy Football is back on your TV. Go to Sky Gamestar on Sky Active and play å£250k Dream Team. Scoring starts on Saturday, so register now!SKY OPT OUT to 88088
ham	Thanks for understanding. I've been trying to tell sura that.
ham	K, can that happen tonight?
ham	Sounds good, keep me posted
ham	Sir, I need AXIS BANK account no and bank address.
ham	I dled 3d its very imp
spam	Congratulations U can claim 2 VIP row A Tickets 2 C Blu in concert in November or Blu gift guaranteed Call 09061104276 to claim TS&Cs www.smsco.net costå£3.75max 
ham	It didnt work again oh. Ok goodnight then. I.ll fix and have it ready by the time you wake up. You are very dearly missed have a good night sleep.
ham	Shall i get my pouch?
ham	Yes I know the cheesy songs from frosty the snowman :)
ham	Tonight? Yeah, I'd be down for that
ham	No message..no responce..what happend?
ham	Anyway I don't think I can secure anything up here, lemme know if you want me to drive down south and chill
ham	Wanna do some art?! :D
ham	This is my number by vivek..
ham	Please da call me any mistake from my side sorry da. Pls da goto doctor.
ham	Then mum's repent how?
ham	Sir Goodmorning, Once free call me.
ham	Thanks. It was only from tescos but quite nice. All gone now. Speak soon 
ham	make that 3! 4 fucks sake?! x
ham	That's what I love to hear :V see you sundayish, then
ham	I uploaded mine to Facebook
ham	Boy you best get yo ass out here quick
ham	Err... Cud do. I'm going to  at 8pm. I haven't got a way to contact him until then.
ham	No..but heard abt tat..
ham	Hey , is * rite u put åÈ10 evey mnth is that all?
ham	Thanks  and ! Or bomb and date as my phone wanted to say! 
ham	Guess he wants alone time. We could just show up and watch when they do..
ham	Do you know why god created gap between your fingers..? So that, One who is made for you comes &amp; fills those gaps by holding your hand with LOVE..!
ham	Mm not entirely sure i understood that text but hey. Ho. Which weekend?
ham	S.s:)i thinl role is like sachin.just standing. Others have to hit.
ham	R u still working now?
ham	Lolnice. I went from a fish to ..water.?
ham	The basket's gettin full so I might be by tonight
ham	Will purchase d stuff today and mail to you. Do you have a po box number?
ham	Hey! Congrats 2u2. id luv 2 but ive had 2 go home!
ham	Aight well keep me informed
ham	If I get there before you after your ten billion calls and texts so help me god
ham	I told that am coming on wednesday.
ham	Sorry pa, i dont knw who ru pa?
ham	A Boy loved a gal. He propsd bt she didnt mind. He gv lv lttrs, Bt her frnds threw thm. Again d boy decided 2 aproach d gal , dt time a truck was speeding towards d gal. Wn it was about 2 hit d girl,d boy ran like hell n saved her. She asked 'hw cn u run so fast?' D boy replied \Boost is d secret of my energy\" n instantly d girl shouted \"our energy\" n Thy lived happily 2gthr drinking boost evrydy Moral of d story:- I hv free msgs:D;): gud ni8"
ham	How. Its a little difficult but its a simple way to enter this place
ham	Already am squatting is the new way of walking
ham	Hanging out with my brother and his family
ham	You also didnt get na hi hi hi hi hi
ham	I wnt to buy a BMW car urgently..its vry urgent.but hv a shortage of  &lt;#&gt; Lacs.there is no source to arng dis amt. &lt;#&gt; lacs..thats my prob
ham	Ha! I wouldn't say that I just didn't read anything into way u seemed. I don't like 2 be judgemental....i save that for fridays in the pub!
ham	I re-met alex nichols from middle school and it turns out he's dealing!
ham	No drama Pls.i have had enough from you and family while i am struggling in the hot sun in a strange place.No reason why there should be an ego of not going 'IF NOT INVITED' when actually its necessity to go.wait for very serious reppurcussions.
ham	hi baby im cruisin with my girl friend what r u up 2? give me a call in and hour at home if thats alright or fone me on this fone now love jenny xxx
ham	I'm always looking for an excuse to be in the city.
ham	No. But we'll do medical missions to nigeria
ham	Ok try to do week end course in coimbatore.
ham	That is wondar full flim.
ham	It's fine, imma get a drink or somethin. Want me to come find you?
spam	Had your mobile 11mths ? Update for FREE to Oranges latest colour camera mobiles & unlimited weekend calls. Call Mobile Upd8 on freefone 08000839402 or 2StopTx
ham	Sun cant come to earth but send luv as rays. cloud cant come to river but send luv as rain. I cant come to meet U, but can send my care as msg to U. Gud evng
ham	I'm at work. Please call
ham	Ok . . now i am in bus. . If i come soon i will come otherwise tomorrow
ham	I'll be in sch fr 4-6... I dun haf da book in sch... It's at home...
ham	Quite ok but a bit ex... U better go eat smth now else i'll feel guilty...
spam	3 FREE TAROT TEXTS! Find out about your love life now! TRY 3 FOR FREE! Text CHANCE to 85555 16 only! After 3 Free, Msgs å£1.50 each
spam	For your chance to WIN a FREE Bluetooth Headset then simply reply back with \ADP\""
ham	She.s good. She was wondering if you wont say hi but she.s smiling now. So how are you coping with the long distance
ham	Hi:)cts employee how are you?
ham	somewhere out there beneath the pale moon light someone think in of u some where out there where dreams come true... goodnite &amp; sweet dreams
ham	Oh great. I.ll disturb him more so that we can talk.
ham	Daddy, shu shu is looking 4 u... U wan me 2 tell him u're not in singapore or wat?
ham	Thats cool. I want to please you...
ham	ÌÏ neva tell me how i noe... I'm not at home in da aft wat... 
ham	You might want to pull out more just in case and just plan on not spending it if you can, I don't have much confidence in derek and taylor's money management
ham	OH YEAH,AND HAV A GREAT TIME IN NEWQUAY-SEND ME A POSTCARD !1 LOOK AFTER ALL THE GIRLS WHILE IM GONE(U KNOW THE 1IM TALKIN BOUT!)xx
spam	u r subscribed 2 TEXTCOMP 250 wkly comp. 1st wk?s free question follows, subsequent wks charged@150p/msg.2 unsubscribe txt STOP 2 84128,custcare 08712405020
ham	I surely dont forgot to come:)i will always be in touch in with you:-)
ham	Thank god they are in bed!
ham	No just send to you. Bec you in temple na.
ham	U know we watchin at lido?
ham	Hope you are not scared!
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	Do you know why god created gap between your fingers..? So that, One who is made for you comes &amp; fills those gaps by holding your hand with LOVE..!
ham	Lol ok your forgiven :)
ham	I'm back, lemme know when you're ready
ham	Ill be there on  &lt;#&gt;  ok.
ham	its cool but tyler had to take off so we're gonna buy for him and drop it off at his place later tonight. Our total order is a quarter, you got enough?
spam	Camera - You are awarded a SiPix Digital Camera! call 09061221066 fromm landline. Delivery within 28 days.
spam	Text82228>> Get more ringtones, logos and games from www.txt82228.com. Questions: info@txt82228.co.uk
ham	Dont flatter yourself... Tell that man of mine two pints of carlin in ten minutes please.... 
spam	Collect your VALENTINE'S weekend to PARIS inc Flight & Hotel + å£200 Prize guaranteed! Text: PARIS to No: 69101. www.rtf.sphosting.com
spam	Bloomberg -Message center +447797706009 Why wait? Apply for your future http://careers. bloomberg.com
ham	Wat time Ì_ wan today?
ham	Awww dat is sweet! We can think of something to do he he! Have a nice time tonight ill probably txt u later cos im lonely :( xxx.
spam	okmail: Dear Dave this is your final notice to collect your 4* Tenerife Holiday or #5000 CASH award! Call 09061743806 from landline. TCs SAE Box326 CW25WX 150ppm
ham	I'm done. I'm sorry. I hope your next space gives you everything you want. Remember all the furniture is yours. If i'm not around when you move it, just lock all the locks and leave the key with jenne.
ham	Probably a couple hours tops
ham	staff.science.nus.edu.sg/~phyhcmk/teaching/pc1323
ham	Hey i will be late... i'm at amk. Need to drink tea or coffee
ham	U should have made an appointment
spam	Dear Dave this is your final notice to collect your 4* Tenerife Holiday or #5000 CASH award! Call 09061743806 from landline. TCs SAE Box326 CW25WX 150ppm
ham	Hi. Hope ur day * good! Back from walk, table booked for half eight. Let me know when ur coming over.
spam	Urgent! Please call 09061743811 from landline. Your ABTA complimentary 4* Tenerife Holiday or å£5000 cash await collection SAE T&Cs Box 326 CW25WX 150ppm
ham	New Theory: Argument wins d SITUATION, but loses the PERSON. So dont argue with ur friends just.. . . . kick them &amp; say, I'm always correct.!
ham	Remind me how to get there and I shall do so
ham	Maybe westshore or hyde park village, the place near my house?
ham	Pls help me tell sura that i'm expecting a battery from hont. And that if should pls send me a message about how to download movies. Thanks
ham	Fine if thatåÕs the way u feel. ThatåÕs the way its gota b
ham	She told to hr that he want posting in chennai:)because i'm working here:)
ham	\Hey j! r u feeling any better
spam	Thanks for your ringtone order, ref number K718. Your mobile will be charged å£4.50. Should your tone not arrive please call customer services on 09065069120
ham	Don't worry though, I understand how important it is that I be put in my place with a poorly thought out punishment in the face of the worst thing that has ever happened to me. Brb gonna go kill myself
ham	We will meet soon princess! Ttyl!
spam	URGENT! We are trying to contact U. Todays draw shows that you have won a å£2000 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09066358361 from land line. Claim Y87. Valid 12hrs only
ham	‰Û_ and don‰Û÷t worry we‰Û÷ll have finished by march ‰Û_ ish!
ham	Where to get those?
ham	Mmmm.... I cant wait to lick it!
ham	 said kiss, kiss, i can't do the sound effects! He is a gorgeous man isn't he! Kind of person who needs a smile to brighten his day! 
ham	I went to project centre
spam	URGENT! We are trying to contact U. Todays draw shows that you have won a å£800 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09050001808 from land line. Claim M95. Valid12hrs only
ham	* Am on a train back from northampton so i'm afraid not!
spam	Txt: CALL to No: 86888 & claim your reward of 3 hours talk time to use from your phone now! Subscribe6GBP/mnth inc 3hrs 16 stop?txtStop www.gamb.tv
ham	Try neva mate!!
ham	S.i think he is waste for rr..
spam	Hi there, 2nights ur lucky night! Uve been invited 2 XCHAT, the Uks wildest chat! Txt CHAT to 86688 now! 150p/MsgrcvdHG/Suite342/2Lands/Row/W1J6HL LDN 18yrs
ham	No da:)he is stupid da..always sending like this:)don believe any of those message.pandy is a mental:)
ham	Do u hav any frnd by name ashwini in ur college?
ham	R u meeting da ge at nite tmr?
ham	Ok... Thanx... Gd nite 2 Ì_ too...
ham	I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
spam	Urgent! call 09066612661 from landline. Your complementary 4* Tenerife Holiday or å£10,000 cash await collection SAE T&Cs PO Box 3 WA14 2PX 150ppm 18+ Sender: Hol Offer
ham	Or Ì_ go buy wif him then i meet Ì_ later can?
spam	Do you want a new video handset? 750 anytime any network mins? Half Price Line Rental? Camcorder? Reply or call 08000930705 for delivery tomorrow
ham	Sounds gd... Haha... Can... Wah, u yan jiu so fast liao...
ham	Aiyo u so poor thing... Then u dun wan 2 eat? U bathe already?
ham	Today is \song dedicated day..\" Which song will u dedicate for me? Send this to all ur valuable frnds but first rply me..."
ham	Just curious because my cuz asked what I was up to
spam	FreeMsg: Txt: CALL to No: 86888 & claim your reward of 3 hours talk time to use from your phone now! Subscribe6GBP/mnth inc 3hrs 16 stop?txtStop
ham	Hows that watch resizing
ham	GOD ASKED, \What is forgiveness?\" A little child gave lovely reply
ham	I am late. I will be there at
ham	I dont know exactly could you ask chechi.
spam	Check Out Choose Your Babe Videos @ sms.shsex.netUN fgkslpoPW fgkslpo
ham	If he started searching he will get job in few days.he have great potential and talent.
spam	You have been selected to stay in 1 of 250 top British hotels - FOR NOTHING! Holiday Worth å£350! To Claim, Call London 02072069400. Bx 526, SW73SS
ham	Hey babe! I saw you came online for a second and then you disappeared, what happened ?
spam	December only! Had your mobile 11mths+? You are entitled to update to the latest colour camera mobile for Free! Call The Mobile Update VCo FREE on 08002986906 
ham	Good FRIENDS CaRE for each Other.. CLoSE Friends UNDERSTaND each Other... and TRUE Friends STaY forever beyond words, beyond time. Gud ni8
ham	Okay. I've seen it. So i should pick it on friday?
ham	 and  picking them up from various points
spam	PRIVATE! Your 2003 Account Statement for shows 800 un-redeemed S. I. M. points. Call 08719899230 Identifier Code: 41685 Expires 07/11/04
ham	Happy new year to u and ur family...may this new year bring happiness , stability and tranquility to ur vibrant colourful life:):)
ham	You know there is. I shall speak to you in  &lt;#&gt;  minutes then
ham	So its to be poking man everyday that they teach you in canada abi! How are you. Just saying hi.
spam	Please CALL 08712402779 immediately as there is an urgent message waiting for you
ham	Wish i were with you now!
ham	Lol where do u come up with these ideas?
ham	Still at west coast... Haiz... ÌÏ'll take forever to come back...
ham	Here got ur favorite oyster... N got my favorite sashimi... Ok lar i dun say already... Wait ur stomach start rumbling...
ham	Can. Dunno wat to get 4 her...
ham	You available now? I'm like right around hillsborough &amp;  &lt;#&gt; th
ham	But i haf enuff space got like 4 mb...
ham	I wan but too early lei... Me outside now wun b home so early... Neva mind then...
ham	ÌÏ say until like dat i dun buy ericsson oso cannot oredi lar...
ham	Text her. If she doesnt reply let me know so i can have her log in
ham	Dear,shall mail tonite.busy in the street,shall update you tonite.things are looking ok.varunnathu edukkukayee raksha ollu.but a good one in real sense.
ham	We're all getting worried over here, derek and taylor have already assumed the worst
ham	Be happy there. I will come after noon
ham	Go where n buy? Juz buy when we get there lar.
ham	S but not able to sleep.
spam	pdate_Now - Double mins and 1000 txts on Orange tariffs. Latest Motorola, SonyEricsson & Nokia & Bluetooth FREE! Call MobileUpd8 on 08000839402 or call2optout/!YHL
ham	how tall are you princess?
ham	Just got some gas money, any chance you and the gang want to go on a grand nature adventure?
ham	Also maaaan are you missing out
spam	Free Top ringtone -sub to weekly ringtone-get 1st week free-send SUBPOLY to 81618-?3 per week-stop sms-08718727870
spam	Someone U know has asked our dating service 2 contact you! Cant Guess who? CALL 09058097189 NOW all will be revealed. POBox 6, LS15HB 150p 
ham	Superb Thought- \Be grateful that u dont have everything u want. That means u still have an opportunity to be happier tomorrow than u are today.\":-)"
ham	awesome, how do I deal with the gate? Charles told me last night but, uh, yeah
ham	No dear i was sleeping :-P
ham	Am surfing online store. For offers do you want to buy any thing.
ham	Jus finished avatar nigro
ham	Jus finish watching tv... U?
spam	Moby Pub Quiz.Win a å£100 High Street prize if u know who the new Duchess of Cornwall will be? Txt her first name to 82277.unsub STOP å£1.50 008704050406 SP Arrow
spam	Free entry in 2 a weekly comp for a chance to win an ipod. Txt POD to 80182 to get entry (std txt rate) T&C's apply 08452810073 for details 18+
ham	Nothing but we jus tot u would ask cos u ba gua... But we went mt faber yest... Yest jus went out already mah so today not going out... Jus call lor...
